swyddfeydd llywodraeth
doedd thomas
anarferol amlwg
laser chymorth
iaith athroniaeth
roedd aelod
anafiadau brwydr
llywydd ffigwr
oresgyniad aifft
cynulliad rhanbarth
muriau cynnwys
adnabod aderyn
ennill cynghorau
cynulliad cenedlaethol
longau llongau
wedyn cweryl
mynydd dimau
erthygl adrodd
tiriogaethau mwslemaidd
gynghrair ffrengig
ffidil drymau
seciwlar chrefyddol
bwlgaria seithfed
cyfieithwyd llawer
wledydd cristnogol
awdur ffuglen
farwolaeth hywel
megis segontium
treorci maendy
llywodraeth papurau
gwydr carbon
roedd gwrogaeth
strachey chawson
meddiant cenedlaetholwyr
gorffen cario
owain albert
erbyn cyfrifiad
gynyddu symud
hytrach dangos
undduwiaeth miliwn
glãªr gwynn
pontcysyllte telford
pentref liguria
elfen llawer
cymhariaeth carthage
corris gorffen
rhwng norwy
gorffen safle
cynorthwyo ffurf
ysgolhaig lawer
wladfeydd holandaidd
cyntaf deulu
rheswm coeden
cyfres awdlau
arian gwlad
molecylau debyg
gwyddbwyll debyg
ffindir gwledydd
diffreithiant pelydrau
mwyaf teimladwy
ceisio gyngor
farwolaeth roedd
taleban arfog
rhwng abertawe
ffordd rhwng
chalcedon hynny
huygens cyntaf
nwyddau castell
ffurfiol seiliau
gyffuriau gwenwynau
oherwydd hallt
hunanlywodraethol perthyn
heddiw oedden
datblygodd iaith
dwyrain canol
argraffiad cyntaf
caerau eraill
dalaith ddiffeithdir
rhwng penrhyndeudraeth
pennaf rhufain
dafydd crach
aegea arfordir
gorsaf jordanhill
mhrifysgol caerdydd
llifddorau gwyddno
lleolir huesca
rhyfel roedd
drefi tawel
ffrainc andorra
astudiaethau cofrestrodd
gario teithwyr
llawysgrifau achau
ddiwedd hanes
rhydychen gydag
chawsant gyfartal
rhwng caernarfon
gyfrifol gynhyrchu
datblygodd mabwysiadodd
rhestr erthyglau
ddinas sverdlovsk
aifft werddon
feirdd heidio
elfennol ysgol
rhwng traddodiadau
ffynnon lloer
frenhin wessex
mustafa kemal
chweched gwobr
moelwyn gogledd
penodau ysgrifau
diweddarach felly
lawer gafwyd
owain glendower
ymddeoliad rygbi
drefriw gydag
newid grynodiad
ganlyniad rhoddwyd
eglwys hamddiffyn
dosbarthiad naturiol
cadell rhodri
sanctaidd gysylltiedig
nifer cynnwys
wythfed hugain
blaned mawrth
anfodlonrwydd arweiniodd
sidan derbyniwyd
gynulleidfa seisnig
cheir enghraifft
amlach gwenyn
symbol priflythyren
aberteifi james
benmaenmawr belled
destament testament
ferch harri
elfen carreg
llywelyn geisio
gwladwriaeth gyntaf
penodwyd weinidog
gwobr sylweddol
siapan adnebyddir
dylid cyfathrach
trefor eileen
ganddo arwynebedd
gwahoddwyd weriniaeth
gamau iechydwriaeth
gwlff ffindir
economaidd trechiad
llygredig barodd
henfyd roedd
wraig rhaid
deuddegfed trichant
golegau prifysgol
gorsedd ennill
eisteddfod gynhaliwyd
osododd ffurfiol
gadeiriol basil
waith mwyaf
gymru frank
mynydd mharc
chwech pentref
blaen bentref
ngharmel daeth
merch gwern
fienna hynny
edward brenin
bengal hanesyddol
hanes gwymp
sffãªr gyhoeddus
coeden gwell
aifft phrif
ysgrifennu ffurfiol
caerffili ffordd
catalogio brosiect
camau pwysicaf
fywaf wledydd
drugaredd gwrthododd
chwareli penmon
oherwydd siarlymaen
pentref wahanol
tsieina rwsia
arysgrif delio
ddysgu morwriaeth
tueddu ddefnyddio
broses ffiwsiwn
unfed hugain
rhaid ddychwelyd
crach madog
ystod gweithgareddau
hafal hafal
meddiant twrci
arabia gwlff
elfen roedd
arall alltudiaeth
arfer amgylch
gwerthoedd gennym
gyrrir sberm
heddiw rydym
efallai digon
gristnogol arfer
hytrach trodd
gogledd milltir
cyhoeddodd rywfaint
allan gymysgedd
eisteddfod gyntaf
benrhyn nwyrain
tocyn diwrnod
arall ceiriog
presenol fwdreistf
cymdeitahasol parhau
pwrpasol athrawon
diriogaeth gyfateb
chile cordillera
thomas richards
hymen wyryfdod
gyntaf orffennaf
llwyddianus gwasanaethu
neddf ddisgrifiwyd
dinas rufeinig
mharc rhanbarthol
newidiadau cyson
rhostio coffi
iddewig arbennig
adeiladwyd telesgop
erbyn llwythi
asher miller
cymharu mawredd
casgliad pwysicaf
gorna dzhumaya
proffwydi byddai
llywodraeth gwlad
felly cysylltiad
pumed piler
dyrpeg ddolgellau
roedd calan
pwdin traddodiadol
affrica saudi
bradford amser
gantrefi powys
lingua franca
gyntaf bwlgaria
roedd cyrff
anheddau medru
rhyfel cartref
gwahaniaethu rhyngddynt
hanner ffordd
ffuglen wyddonol
gwaith arloesol
hynny gofio
deheuol gorynys
roedd gruffudd
calchfaen llawer
laddwyd mrwydr
fawddach llifo
pedwar gyflwr
gyfraith unrhyw
eifionydd nghyfnod
lleiafrif sylweddol
avesta ysgrythurau
bennaf siapan
enwog gregory
freuddwyd undeb
enwog traphont
cyfnod cristnogol
ddiweddarach sefydlodd
llywodraeth gorllewin
arfon barod
rhaglyw dywysog
gwilym frawd
brodorion wneud
lancastriaid mrwydr
cosofo mwyafrif
gymraeg nghymru
ewropeaid brodorion
lloeren gyntaf
geiryn ddiwedd
seiont weddol
esgyn orsedd
damcaniaethau marcsaidd
sodiwm ffurf
cadair gwneud
paris ardal
oesoedd canol
gyfeiriad cadair
adael dilyn
roedd bradford
fesur anegni
nofelydd albanes
yngasglu heidiau
arabeg safonol
wreiddiol roedd
gwnaethent gyfraniad
gruffudd gymeryd
gloddiau hanner
electrostatig ganlyniad
frawd gwilym
llawn sentiment
rhaid newid
gelwid meddalwedd
geiriau ffrangeg
cyhoeddwyd debygol
kerala ganddi
chladdu bendigeidfran
llywydd blaid
farwolaeth ymerodres
fwyaf ynysoedd
bodolai ysgolion
jones cyhoeddi
mwyngloddio blentyn
tafodiaith ferber
deddf deddf
canran cymry
chanolfan weinyddol
phlanigion coffi
sefydliadau ganolfannau
modur ymosodwyd
wnaeth orfygu
cerddi myrddin
ifanc esblygu
ddefnyddio garcharorion
deddf sefydlu
ceidwadol restr
ymosododd byddin
edward gestyll
cynnar nifer
meddiannu brydain
symud graddfa
chwareli gwmpas
mynnodd parhau
prydain waith
brenin alban
llywelyn theitl
haniaeth astudiaeth
nheyrnasoedd ffranciaid
defnyddir dannedd
nghymru llywelyn
astudiaeth briodweddau
ganddi alexander
talaith canada
posib gwahodd
bardd nofelydd
fadog phowys
gollwng megis
symud gastell
iarll groesi
gofod mawrthiaid
roedd enedigol
undeb wledydd
siarlymaen gytuno
brenin erddi
cynnwys destament
llawer traethau
cymreig trefn
gaernarfon rhwng
cododd wrychyn
ffrainc llwyfan
adeiladwyd tyrrau
methodistiaid calfinaidd
parchedig stephen
crefydd bywydau
berber alili
rheilffordd orsaf
gymro edward
meddal borslen
rhyfelgyrch madog
beirdd cwymp
roedd ddwywreigiaeth
ernest jones
hefyd garreg
penseiri byddent
mwlgaria addysg
gordian teyrnasiad
hanner milltir
ddilyn llwybr
llosgfynyddoedd eraill
hefyd gyffrous
gwaith nghaerdydd
nifer celtaidd
gostwng cywirdeb
ysgrifennir almaeneg
claddwyd fwyaf
cadfridog iarll
terfysgwyr cyrchu
defnyddio aberafan
sgoriwr gynghrair
crefyddol llenor
flwyddyn daeth
cyffredin llafur
ganrif wnaed
ddicter nghymru
prifysgol rhydychen
cymraeg ddogfennau
nodweddion eraill
ceisio darganfod
ystyrir phylloscopus
durrow kells
teitl dauphin
ardaloedd brwydro
lloeren ddarganfuwyd
enedigol ddinas
morocco arall
dystiolaeth perthyn
eraill andes
mynachlogydd ystyr
phobl dinesyddiaeth
gorffori gyntaf
owain fodlonodd
agendor oresgyniad
oheni hitheu
enillwyd rhannau
rhannau eraill
deddf efengyl
cymaint thriliwn
britannici gatalog
cynnwys gwledydd
ganddynt niferoedd
nhermau naturiolaidd
clogwyn penrhyn
swydd arall
aurelius carus
pwyslais ennill
erioed iaith
collodd medicine
wallachia dywysogaeth
nythu fwyaf
roedd argraffu
amcangyfrifir ganddi
enlli hefyd
betws hirfaen
ieithoedd ewrop
jones seiciatrydd
rhaid ocsigen
dafarn adnabyddus
caerdydd choleg
ymerawdwr cyntaf
ganrif roedd
deddf alban
porslen caled
roedd wynebu
flwyddyn blwyddyn
gwelwyd patrymau
heddiw mwyafrif
peirianwaith llywodraethu
sylfaenol wreiddiau
rhein felly
argraffwyd lithophylacii
rhannau twrci
dyfodiad diwydiant
pwyllgor partneriaeth
gorfod gofyn
nifer ddinasoedd
ogystal mewnosod
nifer gynyddol
jones gwasg
ceisio croesi
addysg gyfrwng
ebrill chweched
fwyaf mewnol
bellach chwarel
lleolir uwchben
waunscil fferm
crynhoad derfyniadau
benderfynodd crimea
ganol llwythi
leoli siroedd
ffigwr cyfrifiad
pwysicaf darlledu
nifer amlwg
affrica cistus
blodeugerdd gymraeg
elfen newydd
moldofa wallachia
porthladd marsa
mwrdeistref sirol
cymysg ymateb
lannau arfordiroedd
ddewis testun
thomas merton
dramodydd daleithiau
ffordd dyrpeg
alban rhwng
gadael cyfran
roedd gatholig
llythrenol prior
decius ymladd
pumed thrigain
berthynas pendant
gadawodd normaniad
lleolir ysgol
gothiaid gorchfygu
dylanwad pythagoras
allan gannoedd
mabwysiadodd ffurf
bendefigion llwyth
riding gorllewinol
ymladd erbyn
beiriannydd mwyngloddio
enwog timotheus
grisiau ddwyn
anleitung kenntnis
nifer electronnau
mwyaf ewrop
cherrig ffaith
tarawiadol corff
cymru rhedeg
owain loesgwyd
bedwyr lewis
ffrangeg tafodieithoedd
wraig boleyn
ymhlith chwaraewyr
athronyddol graddedigion
llywodraeth gwasanaeth
cytunwyd dderbyn
golygydd gyfres
gyffordd llandudno
cyngor dinas
traphont camlas
hanesyddol ranbarth
gerllaw collins
wyddonol chymhwyso
ynysoedd ngogledd
barddoniaeth cyfres
rhwng sweden
threfi arfordirol
gydag cymry
telesgop mauna
arweinydd plaid
gymraeg gyntaf
amhosib astudio
eithriadol dringo
twristiaeth bwysig
cyrff poblogaidd
cynhyrchu broses
glasurol gwerin
roedd effaith
llwyddiannau milwrol
fyddai tryfesur
caracalla llwyddiannus
apulia chalabria
planhigion llynnoedd
cerrig lladin
cofnodir anarawd
prioresau eglwys
gydag adwaith
awdur llyfr
traeth ifori
gyfnod enghraifft
rhannol ddathlu
gadwai ymerodron
pellach llyfr
nghanol ddinas
ddaeth ddigon
diriogaethau draws
decius budalia
ngogledd affrica
ceiriog twnelau
wrthrychau messier
ffordd gogledd
deyrnasiad ymerawdwr
chadwraeth sylweddol
cynharaf llong
vulgarius bamffled
brenhinoedd cymreig
feibion hywel
aderyn mudol
rhwng spectra
traddodiad frwydr
fwyaf swyddogaethau
gothiaid croesi
cynnes gwanwyn
oeddynt ystyried
diwedd wynebai
ymerodraeth thrwy
rheolaeth enwedig
gormod halogen
fechan gorffennaf
pippin roedd
gyfer materion
cyfeirio gwgan
gaeaf affrica
ynysig ngwerddon
mynydd problemau
gynghrair celtaidd
ymerodraeth mrwydr
sadwrn chynhwysedd
adnabyddus draddodiadol
ffurf ffrangeg
loegr winehouse
ffurfiodd chats
orfygu oherwydd
draddodiadol twristiaeth
sevagram roedd
gyrchoedd milwrol
gynhyrchu allforio
ddaeth newidiadau
denham lawer
lewys chrogodd
llain draws
arlywydd hethol
cyntaf rhain
george blair
gorffennaf mehefin
amaethyddol draddodiadol
llwyth tyrcig
goleg etholiadol
arfordir gogledd
hanes gwrthryfel
siddons gorffennaf
ddamcaniaeth seilio
tunis cymhariaeth
pyllau treorci
gerrig cerrig
adnabod pioden
ogystal nifer
gymru erbyn
anferth ganlyniad
atalyddion ensymau
cnewyllyn diffiniedig
afonydd rhein
beibl cynnwys
hannu lanelli
downing weinidog
cynulliad blaenau
amgylch evans
ymddiswyddiad siarl
brwydro dwyrain
gynrychioli gynghrair
llwythi almaenaidd
astudio gwleidyddiaeth
llanelwy warden
gorllewin morgannwg
erbyn gwaith
iaith gernyweg
tyfir balmwydden
konaki marathi
metelau adweithio
gyntaf ddaear
ddyddiaddau cafodd
ogystal arweinydd
robert graves
dewiniaeth elwir
annibynnol ymladd
boblogaeth ddynol
ambell gymdogaeth
flwyddyn honno
diroedd waunscil
mwyaf enwog
ieuan ddrymiwr
chilgant seren
ganddi siaradwyr
lleol chwareli
gosodir arfbais
dringo graddfa
marcus aurelius
chymerodd goron
gwrthododd lewys
helaeth wladus
onglau betryal
lliwelydd englynion
gwylad ymuno
draws somalia
ddarganfuwyd chwiliedydd
aderyn anheddau
ddefnyddio wirio
rhwng flwyddyn
heddiw ddinas
radio digidol
priododd martha
gogledd croesasom
dychanol ymddangosodd
llwybr reilffordd
datblygiadau cymdeithasol
bynnag ffrwyth
aelod cynulliad
wledydd amaethyddol
mynyddoedd mharc
dwyrain tawel
congo gabon
roedd crefydd
hefyd esgimo
gynrychiolaeth gyfrannol
erbyn terfysgaeth
anarawd frodyr
drama coroni
wrthwynebus iaith
nghaerwynt rhydychen
ddwyrain bennaf
sirmium pannonia
baltaidd gwlff
hynny dirywiodd
affrica benrhyn
perthyn deulu
llyfr datguddiad
ogystal croesgad
symud mwyaf
gwrogaeth gadarnhau
llwyddodd berswadio
rhoddodd casgliad
wahaniaeth sylfaenol
swyddogol esgob
armenia gorllewin
geidwadaeth cydnabod
dorothy foster
cymru sefydlwyd
hydref hwngari
nhref woking
awdurdon pennaf
twmpathau gwrtaith
talbot safonol
nifer ddiwaith
safbwynt rhyddfrydig
ysgrifennodd fuchedd
ymlaen wedyn
cefnfor iwerydd
mwyaf poblogaidd
mehefin ddydiad
ddawn crefyddol
messina gorwedd
hethol gynrychiolaeth
milltir dwyrain
mynwent llanallgo
gyfer syntheseiddio
hefyd dewiniaeth
ganol radio
wyddonol americanaidd
ystyried mwyaf
cymru arglwydd
newid rhwng
ymhle dysgodd
drafodaeth ynglyn
deyrnas llywodraethodd
gydag unigrwydd
dafydd jones
dinas abertawe
castell allan
chwarae gleision
dywysogaethau megis
englynion llyfr
rhoddodd llwyth
ffurfio corff
gellir cyfuno
eithrio cawod
gerallt gymro
niferus rhwng
canrifoedd tarddu
sadwrn hefyd
esgair fryniau
dilynwyr islam
lefel cenedlaethol
ysgolion bwlchllan
gymysgedd bendefigion
pentref dafarn
calendr iwlaidd
geidwad llifddorau
rhifo caiff
ymddiswyddodd swydd
mwynau cherrig
oherwydd dinistrio
messier alaethau
briodweddau ffisegol
nifer wledydd
bedwar wnaed
cyntaf diwydiant
croesoedd gerallt
gymysgfa ryddiaith
chwrs brenin
anturiaethwr uchelwr
brifysgol rhydychen
bwlgareg llythrennedd
rhisiart frenin
ieithyddol gyfochrog
sofietaidd orsaf
frenin powys
esgob llanelwy
gyfnod arall
rhennir cymraeg
enillodd cyntaf
james hamilton
cerddoriaeth seciwlar
ffurfio achos
hwnnw orchymyn
loegr wraig
siarad tafodiaith
hefyd hylifau
gerddi enwog
morgrug gwynion
arwyddnod rwystro
gymru sgorio
cytundeb priodasol
davies abertawe
porthmadog sefydlodd
llywelyn feirdd
gyfraniad arbennig
camlas arall
casglu cerddi
reolau phellterau
arwain llywodraeth
fendith ymysg
mrwydr llawer
moroco morocco
gyngor gwledig
hynafol gyrraedd
grefydd mecca
nofel gymraeg
sally jones
bymtheg hugain
gonsortiwm menter
denham priam
gydol ganrif
gyrrwyd brawd
cecilia rhufain
nghlybiau ysgolion
colli nifer
daeth deddf
tarddu india
achos cosofo
nythu bryfed
alfred ernest
ledled ewrop
ysgrifenwyd tarsus
ogystal norwy
astudio etifeddeg
cyngor chalcedon
amser adeiladu
ymddangos dwyrain
prydain phrwsia
emesa awdur
bererindod mecca
marwolaeth byddaf
myrddin ddewin
llifo dyffryn
debyg gambit
ystyrid rhaid
symlach chwch
ymuno fawddach
treuliai cyfnodau
mynwy esgobaeth
america patagonia
saesneg robert
albwm kisses
gwlad gogledd
fynych efrydiau
nifer rifau
ysgol ramadeg
meddwl amdano
llofruddiaeth penodwyd
dysgu bennaf
ysgolion ardal
ogwen gadael
bwriad mendeleev
harddwch phersonoliaeth
ymosododd almaenwyr
dysgu gwahanol
erbyn alban
barddol meilyr
phwyllgor ardal
priododd amabel
cynhyrchiad arfer
linell reilffordd
rhifau ganddynt
arferai ffermwyr
diwylliant rhannu
abaty rhydychen
gleision helynt
hanner gogleddol
unrhyw iaith
amdano ffordd
wrthod dreth
gestyll gymru
aelod bwyllgor
dyddio cynnwys
llosgfynydd waelod
anifeiliaid roeddent
ysbrydolwyd traddodiadau
gwarediad chwyldro
gynrychyioli gwlad
llywelyn cyrraedd
rhwng dysynni
unrhyw gysylltiadau
alarch elyrch
saeson briodolir
gweler richard
arbennig amlwg
crefydd islam
dindaethwy gefnder
debycach arall
cyrraedd gyflym
maghreb cynnwys
bwlch rhwng
gatalog gasglwyd
destun cyfochrog
safle gynharach
gogleddol ddilyn
aderyn tarawiadol
embargo economaidd
gwreiddiol alfred
gartref dafarn
yngyd wylliaid
deyrnas powys
cyntaf hughes
fymryn gerrig
erbyn fwrdeisdref
lleolir swydd
uchaf andes
arfer cyrhaeddir
gallai gynulleidfa
ysgafn ysmala
george orfodi
dwyieithog pwysig
ymerawdwr ansicr
cymru geraint
ngwlad faint
llwybr hawdd
syniadau satyagraha
roedd gerddi
gogledd mynyddoedd
filoedd lluniau
roedd croestyniadau
nghymru fwyaf
hefyd daeth
daear ledled
abertawe llundain
arbennig nhaleithiau
bardd hannu
ymateb syniad
chwyldro llygredig
heddlu jamaica
ffawd ystod
gellir hefyd
sefydlwyd undeb
ysgol gyfrwng
wleidyddol lloegr
wookingham blaid
ganlyniad daeth
gyfrifol anfodlonrwydd
oeddynt amgylch
ystod ganrif
diwygiedig effeithiol
llwyfan ffilmiau
allan siapan
modrwyau gwagu
darganfod oeddynt
donaw ymosod
draddodiadol unigryw
roedd maghreb
hafal dilyniannau
nghymru cyfnod
actores enwocaf
adeiladu seryddwr
wledydd ieithoedd
mecca proffwyd
rhwng bangor
ystyr arall
digwydd enghraifft
adeiladau pwrpasol
llwyd gwmpas
gyfrolau sicrhaodd
nofelydd enedigol
cynhaliwyd enfawr
mwyafrif trefi
ddaeth apulia
mwyaf nghymru
roedd ewnog
dauphin ymsefydlu
sefydlodd ganolfan
ymateb anfodlonrwydd
ffynhonnell arall
edward cyfle
rhywbeth achos
siaradir cymraeg
sylweddol arian
hydref pedwerydd
ceirw llychlyn
llawer fuddugoliaeth
richards cyfnod
enwog dafydd
mecanyddu pellach
deyrnasu diroedd
bosibl croesoedd
seneddol swydd
lloerennau gwylio
cynghorau wrthod
wnaed erbyn
gorllewin erbyn
llifo hebio
mrwydr cross
vanuatu tuvalu
derbyniwyd llysgenhadaeth
cyhoeddwyd ganddynt
rydym gwybod
phylloscopus tristis
tywodfaen union
llyfrau mwyaf
palma sbaen
clywir cerddoriaeth
etholiad cynulliad
scotti siaradent
trefn gwladwriaethol
camlas afonydd
dreulio cyfnodau
rheolaidd gaernarfon
