afudde olwettaka
bamutwalako ddwaaliro
ttaapu zagemugga
kutambula kusussa
okujjanjaba endwadde
leediyo wadde
bangi abakukuta
yakyuse ssaawa
obuwumbi bamuyodde
ngenda kulwanirira
nsalessale owino
ezenjegere recoiless
ziyinza okukkiriza
baatambulidde prado
okubataasa baleme
ababaka beemulugunyizza
babadde baakamala
okumerengula gazimba
sekyase arnold
alekulire abasamize
bamukubemu kibooko
abakazi bawadde
kyayo ekyokulwanyisa
bazannya kintu
babba ssente
okusinga nkirekedde
micheal taban
amataala basobole
batiguka kampala
eziva bujama
eziwera okuli
abakyala kawafu
tannayingira bunnaddiini
akaaguddewo ssande
nsiko nalwana
wabula lwokutaano
bamanya gyali
noyambala enkoofiira
ekyayinza obutaggwa
abakyala nabawala
nendala kyangu
ngembuzi babaleka
eziwera abakuumi
kyalina amaanyi
iganga okubatwala
katikkiro asaasidde
ababavunaanyizibwako tebaabaddewo
nakwata pikipiki
abazigu abalumbye
bannaddiini abeeyongera
baweze added
okutuzimbira kaabuyonjo
bakkaanyizza bongezaayo
ezize noddamu
abaatikkiddwa eggulo
nassebigambo okukakasa
kuliko dumba
bazze okwekebejja
kizito moses
yenna abasawo
kalina yaabwe
abasatu bonna
goodlyfe bongedde
langi ezigwa
bafunye diguli
nentambula ekintu
ssemujuezra geoffrey
kusinda mukwano
abamu tebafaayo
kwanguyira abakyala
kasoro esangibwa
kuloopa basajja
ebisolo basinze
kusitula obuzito
mubiri embuto
sipeeya mmotoka
omwezi ssande
olunaku lulamba
nateete ekutte
balyegabanya bazaalidde
hilton hotel
stella chesang
balaba balinga
mawanga agatali
akakubirizibwa sarah
balina okwogera
bakikoze ngeri
nambi yasuulawo
zooni baasangiddwa
bwakansala kaliisizo
birinnye emiwendo
abeetaaga obuyambi
abezza ettaka
bulungi otunde
mbabazi nninga
byabufuzi nokujereegerera
omugagga bamupimira
hajati bumba
mukono beekubidde
abamu batera
balalu ebitagambika
ennyama yabafu
abaali eagles
omara muganzi
ebyetaba mpaka
limanda luzira
wabula embeera
okutegeera munne
okuvaayo nategeeza
owange andaze
ennyanja zirimiddwa
ebbanga okufuna
baleme okulonda
abawerako batiisizza
owewa kisekka
kampala central
nakyo kikulu
obuzibu omubiri
alina okubeera
akora martin
densite twetegekera
bakubye omwana
johnson balyantuma
baserikale baajajja
baali batono
abasajja ababadde
enkaka kkolera
bakuba ekituli
maato abagagga
bategeka okusisinkana
ezikwata babbaabwe
bukedde ababaka
abakyala batongozza
balabamu omulamwa
obubonero okusinziira
uganda zonna
obwereere kiyamba
lyeyali omubaka
yabikugamba obimukole
mbiriizi okumutakula
lwokutaano bukya
balaze ekibakuumidde
twalabanga dennis
okukusanyusa mbeera
nnakawere nowolubuto
birina obukuumi
oluyimba lweggwanga
poliisi yeeyambisa
airtel rising
kibutika siraaj
kabamba omulambo
utoda ssente
kazambi nnyanja
ebyenjawulo ssaza
nakulabye ekutte
amazina gaabwe
ngasabye sipiika
nalumizibwa omutwe
bazaalira ebisinga
ogwokutunda ensawo
wagwa ettaka
kkooti nakawa
kuliko joseph
kyakwata omuliro
lugogo nekiri
ekiseera yamuwa
kwakolebwa lujjudde
ayamba okwoza
abasajja bamukutte
ebimwogerako gyava
okugya myaka
baayimirizza emmotoka
kakasa ebisenge
okuweebwa obutwa
abaabadde bakubirizibwa
bonna yabagulira
naddala nnaku
abawe ofiisi
palamenti batadde
okukaayanira omwana
yabafu babasibye
bazzeemu okusisinkana
ekiyamba okukuza
okuyiwa kazambi
munne naddala
bayise akatuubagiro
disitulikiti kutandise
abakulembeze bomukago
omubiri gubulwa
emmere ereeta
vipers battunka
tereeza charles
abekkanisa yabadiventi
akakiiko akassibwawo
kuggulawo ebbaala
katende kenneth
mizannyo olympics
bayige emirimu
okutindigga eggendo
ngulu zitta
okubawa amagezi
abaddusi bakedde
eziwera obukadde
bagamba abasulawo
bwotwalayo ensonga
basimattuse akabenje
mulamu bulungi
bakadde baabwe
bwakabaka ngadda
baajereze ssingo
bammwe tebalya
bwakatikkiro bagamba
neddala lyayitako
yeekyusa akoona
kampala bazze
kukuza ebyenjigiriza
awaka balinayo
lisitudde enkundi
kammwe akapya
okufuna essanyu
bantu abagibeeramu
kawotto nabwami
lwalambula abaganda
okuziika aronda
omuduumizi poliisi
ezebbeeyi nendala
newankubadde abamu
ekikolwa beeyama
oluvannyuma abako
eyali minisita
omubaka kampala
alina okulya
tugula kasawo
okutuusa kulwana
akeedi zaabwe
abachina bavudde
yebintu byokugula
omusomesa ayiiridde
yenna ngakozesa
ebirabo okuli
kenya cameroon
okutuukiriza ebigendererwa
robert ssekyanzi
ababaka banaasisinkana
okutugatta famire
abasinga okwenyigira
kivudde nsimbi
myezi musanvu
bulungi olugoye
bipakire bulungi
musika nafuna
zeefaanaanyiriza ttule
bwereta robert
kyere added
basobezza baana
abalongo abaazaalibwa
bonna abaakafuga
abadde ategeka
abasuubuzi bagaanyi
erikuuma emirambo
eyeetaaga okulabirira
ssukaali beebo
abagirimu okubeera
tebaabadde kibinja
abadde mukamawe
batya nokweyambula
ekigumira endwadde
ezaabwe abaana
nsimbi zituwa
poliisi yaakatulagako
kuliko brigadier
baasazeewo lipoota
akendeere lubuto
nobukodyo obupya
nakalanzi mutungo
eggwanga lisobole
lwokusingisibwa omusango
kkanisa yabajulizi
abalala baavuddeyo
nengeri biyimbibwamu
okuleka akawago
ronald sebusolo
kenya omusajja
kwesuula bbanga
nagwa katono
uganda baavu
kutonnya gomba
okufaafaagana neyali
makenke mbarara
wansi bwakabaka
ttooyi bateese
kasooli nebijanjaalo
nabawala babadde
olwomusulo ssuulwe
kwetema sipeeya
yagenda bungereza
added january
bawoza biragiro
ziggwawo endala
obuweereza bwabakazi
kyobuyonjo awanuse
besigye eyasimbyewo
bulungi balina
nazitwalira omukazi
abagenda okubala
bitundu rwenzori
okubaleetera ebbugumu
wakati batera
bawaaniddwa wabula
bagenda okweyambisa
okulwanyisa obwavu
mpola okwemulula
abaasangiddwa lubona
yabazadde baabwe
noluganda eyali
bakoze olukalala
kwetaaga obwongo
rigyoni ezibadde
egyabuutikidde ebyalo
tukola ogwokutunda
boogedde abagagga
obwalese abasajja
gaddukanyizibwamu oluvannyuma
abajaasi balaze
ezekiro bamutema
eyannama ddala
abadde abobbebwa
mitendera bufumbo
poliisi eginya
mukiibi bazadde
biragiro bakama
basiiba bunkenke
poliisi nesalawo
mirembe vicky
bakissa meeya
basobola okuyimirira
batera obutayatuukiriza
nabatwala kyalo
owange mmweekuumira
uganda liberty
bamulumiriza okubba
ndowooza ngeri
abaana omukaaga
oluvannyuma lwababadde
okweyambula kibongera
eddukanya ppaaka
katungulucumu alina
makindye kabalagala
abakyala bombi
okulondebwa kyebyobufuzi
ngabadde ayambako
basazeewo okutandikira
acheda kkonge
abalala luzira
february abasajja
musajja wange
abeera akooye
abadde atambulira
okufiirizibwa ssente
yaayo wakati
abalala baligula
bubbi bwomu
bwomu mubiri
batandiise okusomesa
gavumenti abalya
beegatte mugendo
bawandiika ekiwandiiko
baamutegeezezza ngabantu
ezimu bakikuuma
olwenkyukakyuka mubiri
abakozi beffujjo
olutiisatiisa ebigambo
balina enjogera
kyaddaaki obuweereza
amazima nobwenkanya
basobodde okukuuma
bagamba ssente
emikulu egyokwanjula
okubalowoozaako ebasindikire
ezzibizi ngabadde
abako baaleese
amateeka omwana
express ttale
poliisi kikandwa
ssaako abakungu
kyangu okusaasaana
kyokka nabawaka
ddwaaliro bateeberezebwa
bakubiriziddwa okukozesa
kutambula babala
bamubuuze ekimugaanyi
kkooti etaputa
ebyokulwanyisa russia
nokumalira ebiseera
abakungu villa
kasozi mpumudde
bayitira okumpi
abalala abali
ggombolola kayunga
ssekabaka daudi
essaawa kwatadde
added okubala
omuli engeri
afghanistan biseera
baweereddwa amagezi
abaganda baanyookezanga
abakooki beesunga
bagusuula kikomera
maama nomwana
abaabutikiddwa ettaka
akunze abakristu
singa nsimbye
eddwaaliro ekkulu
abakola balina
okusisinkana abalina
nogwobubbi bakozesa
ababadde bitanda
emmere essowaani
abamanyiddwa buzzi
abalamuzi bawozese
okukula nobwagazi
luweero baweze
nfuuke omusajja
zituyambako okubukuuma
ogenda maaso
bangi abasanga
enkingizzi zakabuga
yakuuma ekyoto
abalala kwabaddeko
gyabwe bakole
omusanyukirwa bitundu
kutandika ssaawa
ngenjiri agisize
ngakulula ebigere
betty nambooze
abaakwate kuliko
abakungu bennyamivu
baziyiiyiza kukola
babeekokkola okubatabulira
ebikolwa ssente
gukendeera beesonsa
lwaki teyasibye
akamuli akagyawula
micheal kyagulanyi
byago bujjuvu
kkansa ekyayonooneka
bakyamufumbirira wabula
yekika punto
tekimala mwezi
omukazi muwala
tebakoma kubeera
nnabaana endwadde
liizi myaka
yakubwa essasi
nnaku ntuufu
mutawaana abwagala
yamenyese okugulu
okuli namaato
bwabwe baliko
palamenti buyigirize
yeyamutumye amunonere
akadde bamirira
abadde omunyuka
ekifo bakabatema
kirungi kukozesebwa
mmundu pulezidenti
tebalina kuwankawanka
kamuli busoga
baamukubye mizibu
abakungu abaluvu
kulinnya embwa
omukozi vision
bbaasi ezokutambuza
omugumu kwongeraokukuwoola
buganda charles
kisobola kugenda
kyankwanzi oluvannyuma
besigye mbabazi
kyokka abasawo
ababaka bakiise
kyaggwaako nasalawo
ngomu kaweefube
munaana nebiri
amarura bamubbyeko
zekifaananyi zikyabuze
masaka ekisulo
ngalina abakazi
sabiiti baatuuse
added november
alina kyalibanjaako
bayimbi awaka
okweriisa enkuuli
abakazi baagala
bwabwe ttaka
kazannyirizi ssebbanga
okuvunda wagwa
abaategeka equatorial
poliisi kampala
okunyweza obumu
ensawo kampala
obwambe bakomoza
kkiro cotton
abakiise aayisizza
tuwoola amaliba
bannaddiini abanaasangibwa
ababasingira ddala
muggya waabwe
alabudde abakristaayo
mulimu ennaku
sebusolo omuto
baabwe ngabakozi
gyempuliziganya egitali
ababadde baluse
abatwala ebisanyukirwamu
okutta okuwamba
kyebyobufuzi kyonna
kkampuni enzimbi
ekisigadde kugassa
tezitera kutambula
olukalala lwebifo
olukutte abantu
gavumenti ebibuuzo
okyusa envubo
boogera luyimba
okukola kintu
baabadde bategeka
gyekomye okuyigganya
emisango egiruddewo
abakazi abookya
minisita byabawala
abagagga tebakozesa
pulaani bizimbe
museveni obusinga
abagagga basonze
kkampuni ezibikola
kyangu kiseera
ekyawula muziki
bakugu nsonga
nabikolo nabooluganda
nasalawo okusabayo
palamenti abakazi
gayaza bakuzizza
yeewozaako nsonga
bwawaka omuli
emisana nekiro
matembe omubaka
byennyini ebyetaagisa
abebyokwerinda okuba
abachina basuubirwa
abali kikoosi
central zooni
kaweefube wokukuuma
buganda board
kuyingira ttaka
olweffujjo eryabakoleddwaako
wakatale kisekka
abaana nabikolo
ekinkumu nebikwatako
okukuza olunaku
embeera neremerera
tonywa mazzi
enkuba nebaggweerako
abagobe amerika
abafera abayizi
naawe bantu
omupoliisi atambula
ebbugumu lisukka
chrispin jjunju
ebigere alaga
bammodo enviira
butereevu mpaka
annyonnyole mataba
ebitamiiza nebiragalalagala
enkulu naddala
amaanyi ekimusobozesa
salaamu musumba
kibbattaka ekifuuse
batebuka okuli
kubasumbuwa babasaba
bakubirizddwa okutambulira
nabalala bannansi
primary school
abakazi mizigo
ezebika byabaganda
bintu balondeddwa
olwababbi ababasuza
bombi balungi
enguudo ziziziikula
bukedde ejuko
gavumenti okubalowoozaako
kyokka kkooti
bonna batobye
baagiyigira kyalo
lukaya bukulula
amakolero nnyanja
enkota ennene
kulowooza osanga
omubaka butambala
ngejjenje omuntu
kkono ngalaga
girimaani nabalala
mukomye okunyooma
enkeera ngalondeddwa
bamanyi ekibasanyusa
ayaka omulengerera
omubaka omukazi
abagenyi baabagabulidde
etandika kyaddaaki
bbaasi nembeera
olumu balima
ezamaanyi bagenda
ennimi ennansi
teweerabira okuddira
abalala abagenda
ssente zigagula
pulezidenti ekiwandiiko
bijjanjaba ekifuba
banaagula ettaka
nnyonyi olwembeera
ssimu ngawoza
bwokka naddala
ssentebe wolukiiko
agenda kubeera
agookya mubisi
mwannyinaze ayinza
lunaku nsonga
ababala bazze
bakkakkanye kitaabwe
eyeeyita waginnyondo
uganda amama
eyagala okuleeta
growers kkiro
mutekanga bonna
abataayagadde kubaatuukiriza
babasibye myaka
abasobola okugula
eziri uganda
basatu abagambibwa
kyokka abasajja
baavuddeyo bawoloma
batandikiddewo okwosa
emaze kumpi
masinzizo okwetaba
baagala okutta
okugeza okwesimbawo
akabenje basatu
munne bakwatagana
abuli okukola
kuliko kitaabwe
abaana baagambye
ekiteeso ekifuula
abafuna abasajja
emiriraano bakwatibwe
kamwokya jubille
abaakwatiddwa bagguddwako
kuziika bakatikiro
bagudde bintu
maasombira nnyina
ayabadde afumba
ennyo sigala
abalala bagattamu
muchunguzi joyce
byabwe balime
abasituzi bobuzito
kakiiko kyalo
zange nokumalira
abamu bwaba
ingabire lukangira
zaaweebwa akakiiko
ebiyoola kasasiro
enkoko nazimanyiiza
okusisinkana bannamateeka
abanyirira balaze
avaamu ekika
ekibinja kyabakristu
namungoona nebirala
weesanga ngensiri
babiri bituuse
geoffrey mukisa
bankuba kyeyo
mpaka airtel
eggulo lwateesezza
abakulu abakwatibwako
nnali sisobola
ebintu nzimbyeyo
ekiwandiiko basaba
ekikeeto kijja
akatuubagiro kebyenfuna
kkampuni lubra
ggwanga nengeri
omuzibu kyokka
eyali baalinnye
bitundu lusoma
nabagereka omusuubuzi
muntu ayingira
ennene babalangira
doola nemitwalo
bategeeza bwebaagala
omusajja omujjuvu
bagamba okweyambula
tewali abatendereza
ssente kadde
kintu kitundu
kuliko benicto
abaateeze omusajja
obwagazi bagenda
mwezi esatu
bongere okumwekebejja
mukolera kalidinaali
kirenga omuntu
kisinga butafuna
mityana batuula
babasala ngembuzi
banaaba baagala
abazadde mwogere
enduulu gavumenti
nolaba omusajja
kayunga gweyongedde
okugaziya kampala
enteekateeka okukwata
leero uganda
bwomulya tawaatiddwako
olwokufuna empeera
mumpandiisa kitabo
omusolo okugunukkiriza
bodaboda temuwakanya
kitongole ekiramuzi
abakugu batunuulidde
yengatto kaleerwe
munne chameleone
abasajja abafumbo
beetaaga okulaba
obulala babuuza
bekinnansi ggwanga
ekkulu mulago
mangu nokugoba
okumukyayisa abalonzi
kyabakristu okuva
bakiise ensingo
yasulanga nentebe
ezisinga uganda
namabwa agatawona
awaka okutuuka
ntere nfune
tebakkaanyizza nokutangaazibwa
okello ronald
poliisi ebakutte
kibuye bajaganya
kikuyambe obutafiirwa
avunaanyizibwa nsonga
abayitiddwa babaka
ennongoosereza mateeka
bakakaatanye nagapande
beegaanyi ekyokutwala
zandibatuusaako obulabe
olina okufukirira
nobuvunaanyizibwa okutegeera
ngabavuma kyokka
abakazi bakkukkulumidde
neddagala tebaagala
enkoko sooda
yasuddeemu oluyimba
masomero uganda
abadde ayagala
okugumya ebinywa
kuloopa bakama
okuyita ababe
kkampuni motors
abeesunga okutwala
uganda okwesigibwa
basuula abaana
mulangira agenda
kabenje kayunga
anjela busingye
balima emmere
okozesa amaanyi
ebakwata nkoona
nabazungu okuzira
lumonde omuceere
bamutaasa herbal
banoonya byamagero
okutikka abagobe
emmanuel ofono
emiti mabbali
obwapoliisi attiddwa
abagole bamaze
omugole bwagaanyi
buveera awatali
gwasaasaanya nekigendererwa
abakazi ababuliddwa
kavumba eggulo
johnson tukamuhebwa
otabulamu mukene
wasswa bbosa
ebisinga tebalabikako
mangi amalungi
abategesi south
emifulejje makkati
abatta abantu
abeegatta tebafunye
eriiso evvannyuma
sheraton babiteeseeko
kubalimbalimba nsimbi
engombe kabenje
africa ghana
akuba omuziki
omukululo gweggaali
kyokka ngabasajja
bayingidde ogwobukinjaaje
bamupimira bizimbe
zaabwe tezaalimu
ndejje lubugmu
bakubaganya birowoozo
egyenkulaakulana okusobozesa
ngembuto zaabwe
birowoozo ngeri
okuva nsigo
omuli eyali
kigongo amyuka
akomewo akiwandiikemu
ddwaliro bataawa
okusobola okukuuma
siteegi twagitunda
sadat tebazalwa
amasavu gakendeera
olwokusibwa tannasingisibwa
kifeesi ekibadde
balonze abasajja
siteegi green
kabondo kabavubuka
kwewaamu bbaala
ssente ssaako
bwangu kabaka
babasazeeko obulago
okwoza lubuto
kuliko innocent
kitundu bamala
lwatu ayogere
sunami mwereere
ggwanga kijja
nsonga zabadde
bakwatiddwa kubba
omuntu atambula
okugaana okwegatta
waragi bafumbye
amaliba bipimo
bwabwe nobukugu
yaakatikkirwa yeesudde
abantu ebikwata
ababaka abatali
naddala abakyala
munaana busoga
agaddugala kireetera
kiseera obufumbo
katonda ngenjiri
heavy machinery
ebisaanyizo ebibatwala
wabula kiwola
maama womugenzi
enjala bangi
abamu bamenyi
ngadda bigere
lujjudde kyokka
nnannyini mmotoka
mmotoka eyabaddeko
amaliba okusobola
abafumbo bawukanye
tebeegatta balima
beeyubudde bakoze
kumwagalako mutegeereze
waggulu kadongokamu
bukedde ekibiina
basobole okumalawo
ayamba okukuuma
poliisi ekutte
kitegeeza kyetegefu
emyaka ebiri
ennyo bwomulya
waadi nawanywerwa
abavubuka babasiiga
ngali naffe
kyaggwe basiimye
kutiisatiisa baserikale
asiika chapati
sacco baazeeriira
ssente bantu
okutambuza emirimu
kiyira baziikiddwa
enkanyanya ffeesi
kumuwa ensimbi
omubiri nobwongo
kussiddwaako obukwakkulizo
abaweereza bekkanisa
ntebe badduka
omulimu gwokuddukanya
ebitundu jinja
gyava amaduuka
omukulembeze waabwe
katale ngasuubuza
kireetera olususu
agayisiddwa palamenti
bavaayo ssaawa
baabwe buliri
ensaano okuva
wabula ateeberezebwa
batono abafaayo
bukedde bayuuguumizza
omubiri mugumu
amazzi gatambule
kulissa kuzimba
ngabazannyi tebannalya
basimattuse okufa
baagala amagye
okuva misiri
atandikire kulwanyisa
ebigambo ebissiddwa
kuttibwa abantu
enkiiko endala
ngayagala ewalirize
ekyalemesezza olukiiko
biseera byobufuzi
erabise obutawangaala
abantu batiguka
etugatta tutondawo
bagamba balinda
okuva latin
babayamba okubatabaganya
ddala omukwano
tewali ntegeka
ezoku maliiri
ebizimba added
bennono gavumenti
abalala baakalambidde
nobuvunaanyizibwa bwawaka
bayiwako ttaka
kitegeeza tasobola
abalala naigaga
bemmere nembwa
mulimu pretty
olukiiko lwabakulembeze
kyokka zimugwako
bayuuguumizza sango
nekisaawe buikwe
abangi bateekeddwa
nenywa luseke
lutonnya kwekwasa
bwebaagala obululu
muserebende owekika
obutwa waggulu
bafuna amaloboozi
banyumirwa emiziki
abako abensonga
maama nabaana
oluusi abadde
etaano egiyise
kyamazzi okubawa
bajja bagenda
ttimba wakati
abalala abokuyambako
erinnye nentambula
kyokka batya
abawala bangi
ababiri nagwo
busaabala tebalina
baazinye tebasalako
baatutte bukedde
amangi basobola
emiwendo balina
ssente baabikomezza
nneeyisa yaabwe
uganda okuva
babakutte banyaga
okusiba bikondoolookutwalira
abazadde ssekkukulu
ebyokutabangula eggwanga
mutindo babonaabona
ntinda batuuze
abaana basusse
olwakafiiramu abantu
toyota asembayo
okumutakula nviiri
mmotoka ezebbeeyi
omulimu munene
abatuuze nakaseke
bizinensi yeetaaga
abaana okubawa
kyeyo abakuliridde
gyabwe bangi
nkwana lwaki
nassebigambo kevina
poliisi bamutulugunya
mukamawe ngate
bannaabwe abali
mufuna empeera
ndoyo abakyala
masaka ngagamba
oluvannyuma mujaguzo
abaasimattuka okuttibwa
kuliko mazurka
muwala ebbanga
