haere mātou
tukutuku ngaro
rangatira wahine
tekau pakeke
oranga korona
kōrero kaiwhakahaere
hauora matua
tākuta ashley
bloomfield wahine
eileen hunter
kainoho whare
kaumātua margarets
atatū whakatūturuhia
oranga whakamātautau
whakahokia whare
kaumātua margarets
tākuta bloomfield
ehara korona
tiwhikiete katoa
pānga urutā
aotearoa hunga
haere taiopenga
tāmaki herenga
tāmaki makaurau
āpōpō tāwara
kakato whakakī
tiaki manuhiri
horahia kounga
pārekareka tūmatanui
whakarangatira taiopenga
tāwara kōingo
tētahi rourou
panihāhā auahi
pakihi māori
apatu enterprise
papas kombucha
waimeha koropupū
waina estate
pakihi waina
pakihi tuatahi
kāhui māori
waina rengarenga
kūtai īnanga
hanuwiti taniwha
kōhua paraoa
parai kakato
kīnakihia pesto
wātea hunga
pākeha rongonui
waenga taraka
tāmaki whakawhenumi
māori pākehahe
maramara kūmara
puanati pania
kīnaki horopito
hamuwiti reuben
māori māota
waiwaitia kawakawa
horahia kaare
hāngi kaingākaunuitia
hunga hokona
hāngi master
mamas hāngi
whakatūria taiopenga
tāmaki herenga
whakatairanga māori
taonga kitea
hanga pūkenga
ringatoi korowai
māori whakarākei
kōwaiwai kākahu
tiaki tiaki
manuhiri kitea
kohinga kākahu
kaihoahoa kākahu
māori shona
tawhiao tāmaki
makaurau rātou
auckland tourism
events economic
development ateed
whakatū taiopenga
tāmaki herenga
paraire kohitātea
tāmaki koromatua
tāmaki taiopenga
whakakapi pārekareka
tāmaki marama
kohitātea whara
māhunga kaimahi
whakatū whare
orākei ratonga
whawhati tukua
tētahi whakatū
whare orākei
whakamārama whara
māhunga ringa
tētahi tētahi
paora māori
ētahi whāataata
ratonga whawhati
āwhina taraka
tētahi remuwera
tētahi tāmaki
tukua tētahi
tūroro worksafe
rangahau tēnei
tēnei whakapā
southbase construction
kamupene rātou
whakahaere taipitopito
irirangi tainui
whakanui ekenga
irirangi tainui
ngāruawāhia whakanui
ekenga tēnei
kōrero kaiwhakapaoho
irirangi matutaera
herangi māori
whakapaohotanga whakataetae
āmotu herangi
kaiwhakapaoho wāhanga
womble blossom
dusty nepia
pohewa tamati
mamae takerei
koroneihana cooper
whakamārama herangi
ahurei irirangi
hiranga waikatotainui
tangihanga arikinui
kahurangi atairangikaahu
herangi huihuinga
nunui whakapaohotia
irirangi rātou
whakanuitanga puritia
rātou herenga
whakapaoho whakataetae
āmotu tēnei
whakapono herangi
huritau mātua
whakaarotia pakeke
tētahi kātahi
mārena ohorere
piripi parker
ngāti toarangatira
ohorere rātapu
pōuri kaare
kotahi mārena
whaiaipo mahue
xavier mason
rātapu tangata
kirikiriroa manawa
ahakoa āpiha
whakarauora whakaora
auare mutunga
tangata tūngāne
kuraina parker
melville school
kātahi kāmura
mōhiotia parker
ngākau aroha
hangareka tuakiri
tahua gofundme
whakaritea ramari
jevan tangihanga
tautoko whānau
nehua piripi
parker whatawhata
nanaiore tauiho
kainamu whakataetae
haratau rangatahi
horouta tūranga
māngai aotearoa
hinetakurua tūranga
kaihoe rangatahi
pupuri kakau
tangaroa tuterangiwhiu
paenga moata
hauora tinana
harikoa hauroa
tinana mātau
lifestyle ngākaunui
wēnei hākinakina
haratau kaihoe
tinana tekau
kiromita tawhiti
whakaaro hauora
rangatahi whakataetae
aotearoa āperira
manawa angitū
mikayla timoti
tūhoe endurance
really caller
really motivated
wanting focus
strive nanaiore
tauihu always
number result
winning hopefully
having there
especially australia
where hopefully
waters enjoy
yourself always
mikayla timoti
ākuhata whakataetae
mooloolaba whenua
moemoeā āwhina
tēnei mātanga
whakatipuranga hautipua
tēnei paerangi
howard hyland
whakaihu wāhanga
whitu tekau
pakeke tātāwhāinga
tāhiti inaianei
tautoko whakatipuranga
tēnei mātanga
kaihoe angitu
timatahia hyland
karapu whanganui
tekau timatahia
karapu rongonui
tuatara whakatane
tohua hyland
kaiako matua
pakeke aotearoa
turanga whakahaere
hyland whakataetae
tekau whakataetae
tutuki hyland
whakataetae tahiti
kāinga tūturu
whanganui taumata
whitu tekau
pakeke mātou
mātou mētara
koura reihi
huringa tuarua
mātou whiwhi
mētara hiriwa
reihi konei
whakatū tēnei
karapu āwhina
karapu rauemi
taputapu karapu
huarahi whaia
whiwhi hyland
āpōpō aotearoa
ritaira whāngai
tamariki kaupapa
āpōpō katoa
ringaringa tamariki
tokorima āwhiro
whare koianake
sharples tētahi
āwhiro whare
aotearoa reanga
tuatoru whānau
taumata pouwaru
tapuwae pāora
koianake tētahi
tokorima whakatīparetia
whare rangi
hoani waititi
marae otinga
akoranga tūmatauenga
hikaka tēnei
pikinga poutama
tēnei whare
whakatū sharples
whare paora
koianake koianake
ratou poipoi
tumatauenga moemoea
tātou whakarae
waimarie whanake
tēnei whare
kererū mātou
katoa whānau
rātou reanga
ūpoko pakaru
whakapeto āhuatanga
katoa ururoatia
tēnei kaupapa
reira tangi
ngākau paora
sharples māori
pēnei whakanui
ringa rākau
tekau whare
whakatairanga tūmatauenga
tekau akunga
taumata tēnei
rangi koianake
sharples rātou
wiremu dennis
tamati waipouri
tūwhakairiora marikena
aaron hapuku
whakawhihia tipare
pouwaru paora
āhuatanga whare
tangata ehara
rākau rākau
engari reira
whakapapa tikanga
whakarite tinana
rākau rākau
tēnei huarahi
reira katoa
koinei taumaha
kaupapa kōrero
taunakitia koianake
tīparekura engari
oranga tēnei
nuinga tangata
tēnei kawea
kainga whānau
pāora sharples
ekenga hunga
rangatahi pēnei
raukura wharekura
hoani waititi
marae puawai
kākāno whakatō
tekau whakatō
tēnei kaupapa
koinei whāinga
koinei whārikihia
manomano nuipuku
hākerekere engari
tātou tēnei
reanga mātou
mutunga reira
koinei mātou
koinei mātou
mokopuna tēnei
taumata ehara
koianake anake
tapuwae whānau
wiremu tuawhā
whānau tuakana
koianake hiahia
tēnei whakatairangatia
tonutia kaupapa
whare whakatairanga
karanga rangatahi
auahikore hapori
tēnei auahi
karanga tauira
kāhui auahi
tairāwhiti whakarērea
paipa tairāwhiti
warea tūpeka
ngākau rangatahi
rātau karanga
tīneia hikareti
mereana mangu
ngāti porou
moumou moumou
taima koretake
paipa tekau
pakeke tangata
hikareti rātau
māori roimata
mangu kāhui
pukupuku tairāwhiti
tokomaha tamariki
tuarua wētahi
waenga tēnei
tūmomo paipa
ahakoa rātau
wāhanga tēnei
tūmomo kāhui
tairāwhiti rangi
whakarite tūāpapa
rangatahi mangu
tātau kaitiaki
wēnei tātau
mokopuna tamariki
arahina tātau
katoa tiaki
tātau taiao
whakamutua paipa
pukupuku pūkahukahu
kaikōhuru matua
aotearoa tairāwhiti
tokomaha rātau
amiria parata
ngāti porou
smokefree means
watch children
mokopuna because
healthy hauora
ākene haumate
hanga taiao
whakanuia taupō
pātara paepae
hangarua kāinga
daniel stephenkingi
tekau pakeke
tohutohu kaiako
parakore hanga
taiao whakaea
tēnei akomanga
tkkmāori whakarewa
tūwharetoa taiwhanga
hanga dandan
whanau timata
parakore patara
tiaki papatuanuku
akoranga kaiako
parakore rongo
dandan tekau
whakapopohanga pātara
kirihou raewyn
rameka kaiako
parakore kainga
hangarua kainga
kitea pātaka
kirihoū pātaka
makawe reira
whakaaro kāore
marama mahuru
timata marama
auaha rangatiratanga
rangatahi kaunihera
taupō miria
stephens tētahi
whāea tukunga
rāhui pōkeka
whāea tukunga
rangona whānui
kōrero miharo
katoa dandan
whanake pakihi
tauira tiaki
papatuanuku whāea
rameka wharangi
pukamata hokona
whakapōtaetanga whakahirahira
rangahau māori
whare wānanga
otākou chanel
phillips ngāti
tauira tuatahi
koronga rangahau
māori whare
wānanga otākou
kairangi heika
pounamu tuatahi
whakapōtaetanga māori
tōmua whare
wānanga tohua
taumata teitei
kairangi pūtaiao
kaiwhakahaere takirua
koronga tākuta
annemarie jackson
whakatauira hiranga
rangahau māori
mātauranga otirā
tangata whakaū
wawata hapori
rangahau kanohi
kitea katoa
rangahau whakaaro
whakatinanatanga haumaru
māori hikina
hunga hapori
ētahi whakarerekētanga
hātepe āmotu
tētahi whakatakotoranga
tautoko whānau
whakatere uauatanga
mātauranga momoho
huarahi tākuta
jackson mātou
hāpai ētahi
tūranga rangahau
kairangahau māori
tautoko tauira
rātou kaupapa
pūtaiao rangahau
aotearoa kairangahau
māori ahurea
rangahau whakaaro
tātou pēhea
tātou akiaki
tautoko hautipua
rātou pirangi
aotearoa hapori
māori kōnei
tokorima katoa
tauira whakapōtaehia
paerunga koronga
katoa rātou
rangahau kaupapa
māori aronga
māori rangahau
chanel phillips
ngāti doctor
philosophy journey
belonging explorations
māori perspectives
water safety
funded health
research council
terina raureti
ngāti raukawa
master physical
education mārama
mukukai influence
swimming whānau
engagement water
nikki ngāti
ranginui ngāti
kahungunu master
physical education
māori perspectives
within zealand
sport hanara
ngāti kahungunu
postgraduate diploma
physical education
tangaroa mauri
tangaroa human
movement shane
witehira ngāpuhi
ngāti bachelor
physical education
whakapapa tauira
hanga rautaki
kaitiaki tauwhiro
tūwatawata rangiriri
aronui ngāti
kaitiaki hanga
rautaki kaitiaki
tauwhiro tūwatawata
rangiriri wheoro
whenua whakahokia
waikatotainui tekau
wheoi tīwekaweka
whenua hemana
matua totorewa
oneone tārake
whenua tīmata
tarutaru mātotoru
totorewa ngāti
maiorooro whenua
pakanga tiaki
tapahi hāpai
ngāti whenua
tiaki mauri
katoa rātou
whawhai ingarangi
kotahi tekau
ahakoa whitu
tekau tāngata
tātou reira
ngāti akiaki
tiaki whenua
rātou tūpuna
whakaekenga kotahi
ngāti kōkiri
pakihi rātou
whare tāonga
whare whare
tūruhi whāngai
kōrero tūpuna
pakanga reira
karekau mātou
kotahi tekau
kotahi maera
mātou noaiho
takahi tiaki
tangata runga
rangiriri rongo
rātou hītori
tamariki pakeke
torotoro tūranga
tangata runga
rangiriri reira
whakatupu nāianei
mātou haere
hītori haere
waiata haere
tapahi karaihe
whakatū tekau
whakaairo whakamihi
pakanga rātou
ngāti kaitiaki
rautaki pēwhea
rātou tiaki
whenua pēwhea
whakapā ringa
tahua putea
karauna āwhina
taiao haere
whare taone
ruatōrea ngāti
porou huarahi
mātauranga whakaāhei
hapori whakamahi
rauemi taiao
tātau ngāti
porou rawakore
karetahi taputapu
hanga whare
engari tēnei
kāenga taputapu
tēnei ripeka
pohatu whare
whānau whare
ranuranu tauira
pātītī paraka
whakamaroke kātahi
whakakīkī haere
pakitara whare
taranaki ruatoria
aubrey mātauranga
whakatakoto mahere
whānau whakahoki
painga rātau
whānau rekareka
kāenga tēnei
pīrangi wētahi
marae whakatūngia
pizza wētahi
mānuka hāngi
wepua bella
koira tuatahi
pīrangi whakahokia
akona tēnei
marae ohinewaiapū
rangitukia marae
whitu tēnei
hanga whare
kātahi shane
taurima tāhuhu
rangapū whakaata
māori shane
taurima rongomaiwahine
ngāti kahungunu
tāhuhu rangapū
whakaata māori
ināianei tīhema
shane tāhuhu
rangapū whakakapi
otirā ārahi
rautaki whakaata
māori whakaū
whakaata māori
kaupapa heamana
poari whakaata
māori jamie
tuuta wheako
kaupapa pāpāho
māori irirangi
pouaka whakaata
pāpāho whānui
kaingākau māori
whakawhanake māori
tikanga māori
tuuta tēnei
huringa whakaihiihi
whakaata māori
otirā kaupapa
hangarau auahatanga
ahunga āheinga
kaupapa pāpāho
kaupapa whakangahau
panuku tāhuhu
rangapū taiao
hurihuri kōkiri
whakaata māori
āhuatanga hurihia
poroa whakaihuwaka
shane whakaata
māori pūmanawa
whakaaweawe whakaihiihi
paihere kaimahi
whakaata māori
hunga mātakitaki
rangatira tuuta
marama pahemo
whāia poari
whakaata māori
tikanga tōtika
whiriwhiri tāhuhu
rangapū mīharo
kounga tautoko
kaitono ahunga
whakamua whakaata
māori hōnore
whakaiti whakatau
poari rātou
whakapono ekenga
tēnei tūranga
whakahirahira marama
whitu tāngata
mīharo whakaata
māori hiamo
ngākau reira
shane taurima
mātou whakatairanga
tiaki tikanga
māori whakapāho
pārekareka māori
rangatahi nuinga
māori taupori
whānui aotearoa
waihoki hiahia
mātou kaimātakitaki
kaupapa māori
kounga kaupapa
māori ngahau
kaikā kaimahi
rāngai whānui
tūhura āheinga
whakarekareka aroaro
whakaata māori
whakarauora tikanga
māori taurima
whakatūpato hunga
haere tāwāhi
hararei kōrero
whakatūpato tētehi
whānau tokowhā
hunga haere
tāwāhi whakatikatika
whakarite haerenga
hararei tokowhā
whakatārewatanga rātou
haerenga whakatā
tētahi kamupene
whakahaere wakarererangi
tētehi tokowhā
shelley bedggood
kōrero tūpato
whānau whakarite
harerei titiro
tīketi pānui
tāngata whakarite
marama tokowhā
rātou tīketi
kamupene whakarite
rererangi travel
wheoi rātou
taenga rererangi
tāmaki makaurau
rātou rererangi
whitu karaka
hīkina whakaritenga
mātou rererangi
karakia bedggod
mātou mātou
taputapu katoa
mātou kōrero
tangata homai
tīketi kāore
kāore whakarite
whakamana kaiwhakahaere
mātou haere
tāwāhi kātahi
tekau kētia
rātou rātou
nohonga ngahau
whakahokia ehara
mātou katoa
mātou haere
kōrero rātou
marama mehemea
mātou tīketi
mātou manukau
whakautu engari
kāore kaiwhakahaere
waatea kōrero
wheoi whakatikaina
rātou rerenga
mātou hiahia
tēnei whakatau
haere āpōpō
whakamaharatanga tirotiro
whakarite haerenga
rāwāhi tīmatatanga
rorirori kāhui
huringa whakaihuwaka
tuatahi tāmaki
kāhui huringa
tuatahi whinireihana
whakaihuwaka whakataetae
tuatahi takawaenga
tāmaki makaurau
māori tapuwae
taumata tuarua
takawaenga henderson
tūnga tuatoru
reira haere
rātou kaupapa
māori hoani
waititi kaupapa
māoriārohe māngere
moananuiakiwa kanohi
tāmaki makaurau
whakataetae kapahaka
āmotu kuratahi
kaiwhakahaere kāhui
huringa rūmaki
hautu takuira
kaupapa matua
rātou whakamānawa
ngātahi tamariki
auraki kaupapa
māori takuira
māori ākonga
auraki tamaiti
māori auraki
pānga māoritanga
nuinga wēnei
haere tētahi
marae tēnei
rānei kōrero
takuira kapahaka
whāngai whakatupuranga
māoritanga tangata
mātou kaitākaki
kōhine kahurangi
goldring ārēhia
kōrero kaihaka
rehua honetanapaea
wētahi rātou
mātou hāmoa
rātou mātou
katoa whakaheke
tikitiki whakapiri
takuira whakaatuhia
māori kāwai
hekenga tikitiki
wētahi rātou
auraki tekau
papatūwaewae tirohanga
kaiwhakawā runga
taumata hohua
kaiwhakawā kaitakatakahi
ātāmira āpōpō
hāneanea katoa
ngākau āpōpō
kuratahi waikato
haerenga smear
rotorua whanganui
tangarū tētahi
paihikara urupā
kauae rotorua
whanganui kaupapa
talei morrison
tirohia whare
tangata ururoa
flavel kaiārahi
māori ārahi
kaupapa talei
hiahia tirohia
kaihaka rātou
whakaeke whakatūtū
waewae matatini
reira arohia
ehara ururoa
flavell whakamātautau
tōrangapū engari
whakanekeneke hunga
hiahia tēnei
kaupapa paihikara
takotoranga talei
pōneke matatini
wairua otira
kaupapa kaihaka
whakahaere rāmere
tekau tangarū
ārahi ururoa
flavell tētahi
runga paihikara
rotorua whanganui
tekau tekau
hunga paihikara
whakatinana kaupapa
kaupapa aroaro
matatini ngātahi
mātou katoa
hunga kaikaha
tēnei kaupapa
rātou pīpiri
talei morrison
kaiwaihanga smear
kaihaka mātārae
ōrehu hiahia
tirohia kaikaha
pukupuku whare
tangata rātou
whakaeke whakatūtū
waewae matatini
kaupapa whakairihia
talei takatū
runga whenua
rongo mamae
rangonga māuiui
pukapuku tētahi
kaupapa smear
tūahuatanga timata
kōrero whānau
pukupuku whare
tangata whānau
whānau reira
tikanga talei
pūkenga wawata
moemoeā flavell
rātou rotorua
taupō runga
haerenga tūtaki
rātou hauora
hapori runga
wāhine tirohia
rātou whakakorea
mihīni petipeti
tairāwhiti whakakore
mihini petipeti
rāwhiti hiahia
kapai kaiti
hapori māori
tēnei whakakapinga
ratonga haumanu
waranga heamana
kapai kaitī
elizabeth crawford
oranga hunga
warawara tūranga
whakakorea mihīni
petipeti tairāwhiti
karanga crawford
whitu ratonga
petipeti katoa
whakaae mihīni
petipeti kaiwhakahaere
karapu whakauruuru
debbie light
anake karapu
whakauruuru mātaki
kaimahi petipeti
crawford kaiwhakahere
aukatitanga kirimana
manatū hauora
rātau kapai
kaiti mīhini
petipeti hokomaha
kaitī tautoko
kanohi hunga
māori manako
manatū hauora
aranga tētahi
ratonga ākanohi
tūranga mehemea
mōhio tētahi
ngaua petipeti
kaiāwhina āwāea
wātea katoa
pātuhi rānei
gambling helpline
tauawhi whānau
pōkaikaha taupō
korowai tautoko
taupō tauira
āwhina rotorua
rāapa awhina
whānau taupō
tūrangi cherie
darlington hunga
whānau tiaki
rātou whiwhi
kāhore kaupapa
kāwanatanga rotorua
rotorua ethel
jones engari
korowai taupō
taupō rāapa
haere rotorua
rātou awhina
tautoko mātou
hōmai taupō
tekau korowai
tautoko hapai
ngāti tūwharetoa
tēnei kaupapa
haere waenga
tekau tekau
whānau taupō
waenga tekau
tekau whānau
tūrangi mātou
hōhonutanga tēnei
