mutambo wakakosha
kawatadzirana nemurume
mubhucha kundai
vanhu vanozviti
ndakabhadhariswa mabhiri
ndiye akaperekedza
kwemabhande maviri
kuonekwa nemaziso
nekutsvagawo yekusimudzira
kuyamwiswa bedzi
pakumira kwakaita
murume anoda
pakati pevanhurume
donje nemari
pfumojena akange
rinonyanyoonekwa pamichato
mamiriro emutambo
yovabatsira nekuvawanisa
mubereki vabereki
dzeform makore
zvavapo vakadaro
mukadzi akamboda
kwake ndakangoenda
masikati nemanheru
wehanzvadzi wotomuita
kumba zvose
kubva kudunhu
nevadzidzisi vapinde
maarv ainge
izvozvi ndave
kusununguka munyama
akasiya kunogara
fodya yaikosha
atanga kuvatemawo
chombo chinotyisa
pamaikweva njira
garikai akaenderera
yopedzisira yazozviparadza
maynard asati
rakapera zimbabwe
achida kutaura
kugadziridwa patakawana
nengomasha pamwe
remuboka rewelterweight
zvinhu zvake
kuwana chikafu
mwana wehanzvadzi
chavo mhunga
zvaanenge nechechi
office akadaro
wochitoshinga kunamata
zvizhinji anotopona
pamusha pavanovaona
dzinodzidzisa varimi
imbereko mumba
haagone kuonekwa
yamwari yakangofanana
editor rambai
mutongo wokuti
kuhurumende igadziriswe
yaakabhadhara roora
mamwe mazone
pachangu handisati
kundinetsa nekuti
chakatora mukombe
zviwanikwa pakati
chaicho chinogona
mberi achiti
vekuchechi kwemudzimai
zvive nyore
chakatsanangurwa nevaongorori
kimbini akati
vakati hapana
kwamainini nabhiridha
mutambo ndiite
hwevamwe vanhu
hapana chizivano
usanyanye kutya
haasati achembera
chete varohwa
akati akatengesa
achiita zvekubuda
mamwe manyepo
anokudza pfambi
achiroorwa inotorwa
ndizove mufakose
sezvo vachiti
yaakarwa neknockout
mudiki judith
kubatwa sezvikorobho
zvakadzama pamusoro
bonde rinoitwa
chechina vakafunga
vasaite misikanzwa
kumitambo murori
panyaya yezamu
svondo vatambi
yaitobatsira kusimudza
kashoma munhu
takazviita zvigobatsira
mwedzi wapera
zvaafunga nekuterera
mumitambo yavatamba
nyama kuita
wakahwanda nerubatsiro
anonorara kumashedhi
wekarate udzokere
akati kukunda
mumutambo zvakawanda
ichokwadi chipo
kuwana anokuda
uchida murume
zvitatu wokurunga
matatu nesolar
kweanabolic steroid
vanitichinyi modzosera
dzinoziva ndiyo
akadaro mumwe
mbiri makore
kunoratidza vakaramba
tikapihwa kudya
ndokukurudzira veruzhinji
vanoziva zvinodiwa
kudiwa yekuti
iwunze yekunze
kupinda vanokuda
endayika kumusha
zvekunwa svutugadzike
handina kumubvunza
zvachose sarudzo
mutauro weshona
kuburikidza nekushanda
ndipo patichaziviswa
wadarika kunhandare
yekusimudzira mutambo
akanga apihwa
inequality inongotaurwa
sabhuku chimatira
chokutonga zimbabwe
pekutangira nevana
antipas akaenderera
tawanda natinashe
nekuti ndimi
vakati maroodza
mazana mashanu
zvinokwana hauna
nenzvimbo dzisiri
mukadzi atofuratidzwa
zvaanoti zvakatopotsa
vatanhatu dzisingakwanise
dambudziko richawedzerwa
dzimwe dzimba
uyewo takakura
wechitungwiza maiziva
kwangu kutadza
ikoku ndiko
mumwe munamati
vanoti vanorwadziwa
mitambo nekutsvagawo
anoti akazvarwa
pamwe nekuvandudza
vanhu manyepo
nekuti anoziva
ipapo hapana
anoshanda vanokwanisa
kwaunoita mwana
tecla mazanhi
kumunhu waaishandira
dzenguva anonorara
navira akandundurudzana
south irene
zvikwata zvakanyoreswa
usazoti kawatadzirana
vachidzanja siluka
zvokuwanda zviye
kwake achivimbiswa
vagare vakatarisa
anonzi akazobvuma
pamusoro pazvo
bonde rinokwana
sezvo mwana
mumba achinge
achinge adhakwa
kwevaviri kwakamufumura
zvakanaka vakamirira
madzimai matatu
muzukuru pachivanhu
kwazvo vanhu
ndichida kuziva
vakati zvine
izere zvinonetsa
kwaakaita achiti
chakaipa pachishandiswa
kunetsa tozozvipa
nemhiri kwemakungwa
kurairidza zvikwata
kusvika kurume
yechikoro nekuti
zvakanaka zvekuti
ndokuzomutaurira vaende
choupfumi hwezimbabwe
tinopa runyoka
nemari yevadzidzi
kuenzana nemimwe
vanhu vaenderera
ndaiva ndiri
kuwachwa richiri
muraundi yekutanga
rakaoma rinoparadza
retsono chirambe
haineyi nekuti
mukana achibva
nanga murapwa
vachinditsvaga pakati
mhosva nokuti
hupenyu kuraramwa
bulawayo technical
kumabhiza mushure
ukaita billionare
toregerana akaiswa
kutanzania pamutambo
zvikuru kwazvo
keresiya bhoriji
tichiziva panguva
yakasaidzirwa kumberi
murume afambefambe
mutambi daniel
dhiri nazvo
nezvevana vachamunorwa
navamutamba chinoburitsa
paellis gledhill
chikafu chakakwana
haakwanise kubhadhara
vachidira kukorokotedza
ishmael anoti
zvekushungurudzwa natezvara
akatoparadzwa nekutsikwatsikwa
chero mwana
zvaanoda akadaro
chidimbu chebhotoro
reconstitutional court
tichiziva nerweseri
dzevarairidzi dziri
zvinotarisirwa kubatsira
musawanikwe mumutsetse
pakutapurirwa utachiona
kukurumidza kunoona
muramu ainge
muchitoro mumba
achitsanangudza nyaya
handibvumirani nezvataurwa
murairidzi achibatsirwa
wemakwikwi kusarudza
vanhu mikana
padivi nekutengawo
varimi vanokwanisa
kucaps united
asati atanga
wachisipochinyi akazoona
kwamunoti makaiwana
ndinoda akasimba
sezvinoitwa nedzimwe
yawana mutswi
hachisi kuzoshandiswa
chaaidzidza kumukumbura
anonzi paakatiza
hakuna pfambi
vemuno zvikwama
asara zvitsitsi
getrude nemukute
aitya kuzosangana
ndinotogara nevakuru
nevanhu vakawanda
ipapo ranger
svondo ndiri
anoti pavaidzoka
zvakawanda panyaya
vangu vakazongobatidza
aunotaura wakaratidza
kudivi rekuruboshwe
hameno vachiomerwa
murairidzi chete
zvino kuchema
uchange uchisvitsawo
kubva muzana
anotizve kunyimwa
kuphakama township
nevakuru ndichimutsanangurira
zvine mukurumbira
chete nepakistan
zvino tagadzirira
mekupengeswa nerudo
uwane zvawaida
ndokurasira mumba
hapana nezvevana
yatekeshera vemakombi
kwenyika senzira
yepamoyo yemudzimai
venhau aidanana
kunyatsotaura mutauro
kwerunyararo munyika
zvekunyarana mumwe
kuenda kusouth
achaitirwa kuusa
vaimbi vanosanganisira
pakuda kuparadza
chakatarisana nemutambo
weharare provincial
inonzi ichatanga
ndafunga neniwo
arambidzwa nemachiremba
zvakadaro vakawanda
kukunda kwavakaita
maererano newushu
mutengesi zvekare
zimbabwerhodesia nguva
nezvikoro zvakadadisa
paguva rababa
mapepa anoratidza
redzidzo mitambo
benson chitengu
kwasabhuku rashamira
akazoramwa mwaka
kudiwa semuripo
anoti nekuda
officer commanding
vedzimwe nyika
pakati pecuba
shangu vaburuka
pamutambo wedembare
kumujaho weinterprovincial
otobhadhara yemba
chimwe chimupurisa
chigaro chemutauriri
parizvino mumisambo
madhara nemumvura
richiri gumbeze
ndiwe wakakonzeresa
court mumwedzi
kodzero yekundiramba
chete kwete
zvinogadzirwa nemukadzi
kumupanga mazano
vemusha vavekugara
neupenyu hwevanhu
forum nezvemabhizimisi
mwana chibharo
vachiti vakabvisa
akazondifonera achiti
kungoonekwa senyaya
inouya nekwapresident
tembo namuzvare
uchinamata mwari
gwarimbo aitaura
yechirume status
vakamutsa mukoma
nyore kugara
akapwanyirwa magitare
kuzoshandiswa kutsvaga
makore ndinorarama
kukenya akasara
vangu vakasiya
kupembera vachidira
kunzwa government
anenge asina
hadzipindurwe anenge
zvakadaro dendere
vaitsvaga nemaziso
panenge pachishanda
akaisa muchetura
webhora kwete
murume anenge
zvirimwa munyika
mashoma kunotodiwa
amborairidza chimwe
vepfungwa vachitarisa
pamubhedha wangu
robert gwaze
wenyika sezviri
musana waamai
kwakatengwa matikiti
mishoni zvisina
anouraisa vanhu
akati zvisinei
hondo yechimurenga
chikazobvutirwa mukombe
ishmael tinoda
league ichisangana
rezambia zvakare
nemhando dzechikafu
akadaro kumbula
akatanga kutambudzwa
nanamarweyi ngavasiyane
zvigaro zvamadzimai
zvipikiri nezvimwe
mwana kuchipatara
natendai tembo
kwenguva vanasikana
kugunners zvakare
ngadzitarise chinhu
pachidanho chepasi
achiti regime
chichabatsira varairidzi
chaiyo yemabasa
akati zvakare
utachiona pavakaboorwa
paterevhizheni nokuverenga
nguva zvinonzi
zvinwiwa zviviri
yavanasikana vaviri
waanofungira akabva
mapurisa achiratidza
rwechizvinozvino rweelearning
akati kunetsana
mukadzi mazano
chiri kunakidza
akaputsa terevhizheni
contact kyoshin
aishanda achitengesa
kwechikafu kwakasimba
nezvandakaita mumutambo
mukadzi wacho
vanobvisa shangu
chemasimba edenga
ndokudya nyama
chaizoitika mutambo
akati kubvumbi
nhasi munoona
yerendi neyekudya
kugara nemumwe
kwaunoenda vanotoriwana
vechidiki vashingirire
nezvinonyadzisa chimiro
uyewo nekunyaya
vatema chekutorerana
bhutsu dzake
chaitora mudzimai
negore chairo
kunyika yeengland
zvakandityisa nokuti
director weppu
nenyaya dzaaiita
rokutsvaira ndokudanana
zvamadzimai makumi
kukakambani kasingazivikanwi
erida mabanga
mutambo wenhabvu
kuchirongwa chenyu
yekuti muchinda
pemuchakata mazuva
kunowana dzidzo
wajames asiri
vabatanhidze tambo
vazhinji vakatosiya
akaenzana neemwana
chakabva kubazi
kutora mwana
mumakwikwi akati
tichikuzivisa zvavapo
kutaura zvamunotaura
kutarisirwa kusangana
vaiva nenyanga
kukazoteverwa nekubiwa
pamusoro pezvinhu
uchibatsira vatambi
harare zimbabwe
akasiyana akadaro
kugara muchingochemachema
ngoro paisava
chiri kutambudza
nekushaya hurongwa
kumakwikwi eboilermaker
kuburikidza nebhazi
mhere vanhu
kuzotenga simbi
nekuti uchine
remutambo kukambani
asingarizive kunosvika
akumboroorwa ngaafone
ndinongonzwa kungoneta
pamutambo ndechekuti
zvekurimisa kutadza
akatsondokota yevana
rekumisa mitambo
utano hwakanaka
chero zvazvo
nderekuti pepanhau
muchetura muchikafu
zvigobatsira kusvitsa
transformation isangano
akatsinhira kudanana
akaperekedza muramu
akanaka sezvo
zvemukati chaive
zvikuru vamwe
handitambire mashoko
wesvondo kunhandare
mukadzi mwana
chishoma zvekunwa
donzvo rekusimudzira
chinonzi kuronga
pacopa cabana
ringapere kwechinguva
kutadzira mwari
manyepo akadaro
abuda mumba
zvakawanikwa zvakaendwa
kuwana mudiwa
ndinotsvaga shamwari
nyika dzemuafrica
kudzoka kumba
vekudyira pamba
wawana kudya
kukwikwidza ndichange
under tournament
pabhurukwa nepitikoti
kumboita nharo
wosuka nemvura
kupiswa kwemasango
mitambo yezvikwata
rokuti hazvina
mashoo andicharonga
muroyi kakapetwa
nekutorwa kwemapurazi
pakona pedyo
kacho mutema
masimbi ndiri
akaperekedzwa nababa
kufunga zvakawanda
kuteya mbeva
kekutanga muhupenyu
ndakangopihwa edambarefu
vanovhara vachida
achinobatana nevamwe
vachiri vapenyu
minzwa mabhodhoro
aisimudzira mumwe
kufara takwanisa
dembare kuzhamba
pachake semusoro
kumagumo nekusungurudzwa
yakakwidza mutengo
ndinoda murume
chikwata chavo
chete rechibage
nenhepfenyuro dzapasi
vanoshora chivanhu
kenneth itsotsi
akazotukirira musikana
misha nekubereka
azotsvage vanhu
nyoka pamwe
chete rinonzi
kumasabhuku pamwe
panhamba yetatu
vanokodzera zvichireva
kunze kwaunoenda
chirugu anonzi
kudarika usiku
havasi venyu
wangu kumunhu
mitambo vapedza
vakatarisa dzangaradzimu
masvomho emwana
patakakundwa neindia
zvichaitirwa mukati
vakashaika abigail
dzakasiyana dzinoshanyirwa
chatinosarudza kudya
kwete ndaidya
mibayiro inosanganisira
vachimirira zvikwata
rehofisi nechisimba
kusakubva achinobatana
kwasa akaratidza
mumapurastiki ndikabvunza
namoyo fungidziro
ukuwo froch
mamwe emakuva
mutambo weworld
dzakatombonditi roora
handi vanorohwa
aityaira mombe
pamusoro pekutengeswa
kumbomurova kuita
yaive nyaya
achitizwa kudaro
yakarimwa mumwaka
mwaka kuchatengeswa
anoda rubatsiro
hwekuti vachange
dzegore rapera
ndiye akaita
vakadaro julia
varairidzi makumi
pamutambo wecastle
haachachengeta inoperera
majongwe chete
vopinda mumadziva
zvandakaona paterevhizheni
kusangana nevarume
akabva anyangarika
chete akangofungidzira
mhosva vasingarangwe
nedzimba dzekubikira
anonzi akazonhonga
wakatanga kudzikira
nemumwe wevakadzi
chero mombe
mhuka inoburitsa
kwaiitwa bishop
kuita sekunge
wekugona mumutambo
vanhu vaende
officer wetimb
anoudza havasi
kuzofa yakaparara
mwanakomana carrington
mudzimai uyezve
kudai pamusana
nekudaro aiida
nekuti zvinonzi
inoderedza marwadzo
ndichange ndichibatsirana
yauri kusangana
wezimbabwe kusvika
kubva kuzvicherwa
rezanupfvaive vobatwa
makore ndibatei
ndiri kuchengeta
nerufu rwakawanda
zvavakaita nevana
zvichiitwa nevakadzidzira
kukosha kwakaita
kutadza kuita
ndiitirei zvandinoda
courts achitarisana
kwamudanda akanoburikira
stadium kuzvishavane
yokurudzira kurimwa
zvokushandisa vanhu
neganyabvu nekupondwa
neupenyu hwepamusoro
nekuti inovapa
zvinhu zvinowanikwa
pfuma vemwana
kubvisa mwana
svondo achibva
fodya yerudzi
kundivimbisa ndikarega
mumisambo yesungura
commanding drugs
vawane mukana
vaviri vekumhuri
ichipinda mudendere
rinenge richitoreva
zviri kuburitsa
ataure chiri
kuroora nekumuchata
zvinoita nyore
kuharare kuworkshop
ndinokufonerai tichikuzivisa
kupurumuka tikakwanisa
uchavapa mukana
akabatwa nemhosva
handidi macall
acharwa kunge
vanhu vabatanhidze
akahwapura mubairo
kufunga chikamu
kunzi chapedza
vatange vaendesa
zvinowanikwa ndiye
nemishonga yezvikwambo
uyewo yekushandisa
anogara achishungurudzwa
mabhodhoro zvipikiri
kukuyambirai ndechokuti
kwakafira mawuto
pamusana peiko
nhasi upfumi
zvakadadisa mubvunzo
wepremier tobacco
hadzina kupera
wekuita bonde
hatidi kukuona
iriko mazuva
shoma pasina
minda yairimwa
kunyange zvazvo
auraye pamwe
yekuti mutambo
kuona vanhu
vakatenga mudziyo
nyore pakutapurirwa
chikwata cheunited
anenge achibikira
nevamwe venyu
kuita kuzvipinza
dzekuputikirwa nechidhuura
wetimb andrew
nekuti havangatsve
vaviri fararira
zvinhu zvavaiti
kereke yaparara
chete nekuti
mwari variko
mumwe chibhakera
vatambi vangu
yehennfeeds kuwanisa
nevanhu vakauya
akati kushaya
nevanhukadzi tinotenda
school tamisayi
changuwo kudare
vachitishora zvaisave
minda madiridziro
pamwe nezvinonyadzisa
kuhwange kuzere
shasha sasulumani
nenhume nhatu
matongo kudare
hushamwari nacho
mujeri anosvikowana
jowel akati
electoral commission
asingaratidze kushambidzika
gumbo amudzosere
mitero vanotengesa
kunotengesa chibage
akambosungwa akanopika
kudare mushure
mujeri haana
kumba ndichimhanya
makore mashoma
nemamwe marudzi
hazvina kumira
rakapera panzvimbo
kunonoka sezvo
achiti haachina
kukurudzira kuvakwa
zvino anotaura
varimowo mudariro
basketball championships
zvakadaro panotodawo
wangu akatorwa
nedzidzo yepamusoro
mukana vatichasarudza
naoppah rushesha
mafainari eyouth
hwavepo hwave
vaclaudious mandaza
kubva kwatiri
chematikitivha echidzimai
kubva kusvika
kwemapurazi mugore
nababa vakatobata
usina kusvikira
ndichiita mashoo
akandinyenga mukadzi
mutsva wekutiriritira
mangai magwadya
nokuti akamutaurira
kutswiwa kobviswa
purovhinzi yemash
chiri kunzi
raiva nemapasipoti
uyewo ndava
wemashoko webazi
muhozi aiburitswa
nekuti kuchikamu
mudzimai akauya
mwanasikana vambogara
aisvikosiiwa panzvimbo
akazoenda kunoona
chebhotoro ndokubaya
ukwanise kuitika
aripo anorwara
gwaro rerunyararo
murume atsvaga
mavanga anobva
tigare tiine
nekuda kwematengero
ndakakanda katatu
ndibatei manheru
vanokudzivirira kubva
kusanganisira kunzvimbo
upfumi hwenyika
kunyatsoona uyewo
dzinogona kuita
akati tarisiro
nemwana wokutanga
nemukadzi asati
veuganda vaive
garikai hurongwa
nekunzwa zvizhinji
kwajohn ndokuti
nezvimwe zvipfuyo
kudare rinotambira
kumasowe kuchechi
edward sadomba
vachapinda muchikwata
kunhandare yewemley
kutsvagawo mudzimai
laban kandi
kusvikira kumba
evanhu emusouth
hapana nekuti
zvinenge zvaora
bepanhau rekwayedza
kuchimbuzi tinoperekedzana
yetichagarika kuglen
chiri kuita
iwewewo usazoti
muzvinhu zvavanoona
ramwari ashande
mishoma yadarika
akadaro chabuda
achinge kubhawa
akati moses
atandise murume
ndechekuti green
volleyball championships
kumiririra mapato
nadaiton vakaita
audza hurumende
nemusi wechishanu
anova mutambi
ekuberekwa nemwana
akazosvika pakupinda
anoda kubatsirwa
ngoma kurira
zvekuti zvaibvira
nhengo nevatatu
premiership unotarisirwa
nekuda kwangu
panyaya dzakadai
zvekubvisa vachinotenga
akadaro joyce
aimbonamatirwa kuchechi
vaive shamwari
kuwana muriwo
dzinoda mukati
purovhinzi kumitambo
vanhu vauye
chine nyongorosi
maruza vakatsigirawo
tsambanhare dzavainyorerana
zvemunharaunda kusvika
gadziriro dzemashoo
vakanga murume
vabvisei pamusha
zvipo vanoshaya
katatu nekuda
angangosvika maviri
mabhiza mushonga
patakatanga tapfuya
hakuna kumba
scott wekuamerica
kudimikira kunoitwa
kambani inobatsira
zvatombotanga kucherwa
chine vadzidzi
zvikwata zviviri
moment think
bhazi achienda
dzasvika padanho
equatorial guinea
usanyeperwe ndikaiswa
zvangu kumba
nyaya yokuti
achiti raive
dzenyama nedzemazai
akadzidza anotori
netsaona murwiyo
mvura yemumadhamu
nokuti vabereki
makarekare nekudaro
namufundisi bride
vachange vachiratidza
zvaora mufiriji
mumakwikwi nzvimbo
handina kumboita
vakandibudira pachena
wemudzimai ndokuendeswa
zvizere munobhadhara
kwendangariro dzaadam
kusvikira kuvira
sezvo vakaita
crosscountry competition
yemukadzi akashamisa
vauya kuzochema
vashanda vakatenga
muvana chatinovakurudzira
akasawana rutsigiro
zvekusvika pakutorambana
chipo anoti
ndiri muchizarira
dzimwe mhanzi
ramangwana mumawoko
ndogara ndicho
haarwirwi haarwirwi
ndokuba rimwe
hwavo hwese
ndokuti mukadzi
kusvika paone
maiva ngwena
ndimutore ndinozvigona
netsika rinoti
kudadisa nyika
avanoda kuzoita
nekuda kubatsira
mukadzi wekuroora
hatisisina zvekudya
dzakadai pastor
ndine vaviri
chiri kumeso
south africa
nezvataurwa naamai
ndokudzokera kugunners
abira nekudaro
vamugabe wakakundwa
zvinonzi zviitiko
chengetai asiya
haasi wangu
ndechokuti panyika
wakaona runako
dzese papakistan
minda yemhuri
handifiri mumoyo
akadzosera fundo
chete rakapera
yemuchinda inofanirwa
chaiwo pamusha
muchigara pamwe
ndiani ndinofunga
zvidzidzo zvevarimi
vawellington chibebe
vakapfeka mbatya
nokuti vatadza
chaive chinhu
nezvinhu pakaitika
rinonzi kushaikwa
nekudaro pandinoita
nekurwadziwa akangobuda
mushure mekupengeswa
rakanaka mutongi
makore ndinotsvaga
mwari vanokudzivirira
achishandisa zvinodhaka
chinhu chinotaurwa
yokutanga kusvikira
pedyo neunit
achiita kunge
primary school
mvura nguva
yemandava stadium
senyaya yekubatsira
chiona zvino
ndiwo akakonzera
vamwe vanotofunga
zvinoitwa pachena
kuenda kumakwikwi
zvakaitika pachikoro
masuka akataura
achiti yaakabhadhara
akatendeka pamwe
akaita kuchiti
weprovincial crosscountry
achishora dzinza
riiniko ivava
chinetenge chatove
iyewo makoga
wesadc wakaitirwa
yangove sehowa
zvipunu zvitatu
yaingova fungidziro
vakasungwa nemuvhuro
tichidanana chete
menyu kunhuhwa
nevaninina vakatomuona
ngavaite zvemumba
nenyanzvi dzakaita
anenge asati
mumwe wacho
achibikira varume
akanga atorwa
chokwadi anochiziva
ndichimhanya ndanzwa
ndaidya sezvavataura
mwana rakaoma
vainokumbira chikafu
vakadaro chikurwe
zvepa kwete
hazvibatsiri chete
forch acharwa
vaviri akati
achishandira vanhu
nezambia ndizvo
penpals dzine
