kwenye shughuli
kinaweza kuruka
country amerika
badala kibeti
wapinzani kumshinda
urafiki kadhaa
matukio waliozaliwa
ugonjwa wazee
avium pathojeni
kuondoa kuliwezesha
awali okjeo
umbile tunangojea
kwenye american
anthony anayetazamwa
kupitia meneja
master aliendelea
mwenye uwezo
kuona hawasikilizwi
rhodesia kaskazini
oktoba mwimbaji
mimea imepatikana
kuchukua kiapo
likizo christmas
kikipelekea kiwango
vigezo kijamii
baada kutoa
video awali
katika yamepangwa
sheria hammurabi
waliuawa banguko
katika cishan
zisizo shule
katika nyadhifa
ambazo mgonjwa
usisimuzi pamoja
wasemaji kieki
katika kisima
iliundwa haraka
misuli sifongo
india kabla
kutoka kuhama
broadway uamsho
tangu julai
chale sindano
kwenye bonde
kupata ushindi
zitatumika kuboresha
desturi kupeana
umbali karibu
vijulikanavyo tantrayana
wakongwe hawaweza
kiwango shikizi
matumizi kuantam
hakina uwezo
hautokei badala
alipoifananisha staili
demokrasia nchini
safari mbalimbali
mawimbi mawimbi
kilima mviringo
kiuchumi lakini
uzito tisini
kuugua kansa
kundi uchumi
zikaanzisha pekee
hatimaye kusababisha
akajiita linné
ajili uchaguzi
kukaa ardhi
kukumbuka kwanza
marcellino aliuawa
equate ukabila
msimu mfululizo
nywele ngumu
alizeti yanayokamuliwa
jambo hutisha
efusheni ambapo
kwake nabii
kutokna pointi
nguvu kuliko
waitalia lakini
kushinda wenyeji
nusumaisha inataja
hufugwa maalumu
northern ireland
alfabeti kilatini
mikubwa dubai
walijaribu kumtembelea
wenyewe kwenye
kupanua mafundisho
karatasi kiwango
inayozungumzwa wakwasio
himaya venezia
gavana jimbo
ambao hubaini
marais kijadi
gharama zisizohitajika
vipimo kidesturi
virusi vilikuwa
mpaka ulaya
paseo kuuzwa
albamu mwanzo
lugha yalikuwa
hammurabi kwanza
waliofanya tamasha
nafuu kutokana
maandilizi lakini
watumwa pwani
nadharia ekolojia
nchini jamhuri
kwamba chini
zaidi kinjalgulgule
graviti dunia
kiasi kweli
makala inahusu
pandemia tauni
karibi miaka
tofauti mimea
mashuhuri wakati
huzalisha nyekundu
majumba katika
azimio alitangaza
sikukuu kumaliza
ingekuwa asili
vipanya maabara
kaskazini magharibi
tarehe januari
oskalitesheni stethoskopu
chelsea ilishinda
mwaka alimaliza
sungura hufugwa
alizaliwa mjini
wenyeji yalizungumza
wanasayansi wanaumba
kwake ilikuwa
jimbo amalia
taarifa nyingine
hayahusishwi maambukizi
guthrie kivenda
ubwete hutumiwa
olimpiki mwaka
kabisa kitovu
asilia walianza
asidi mnyororo
lumesule upande
kuzingatia uchumi
kupokea pongezi
nurse philippson
uhindi wanabaki
karibu mdomo
wakazi wafaransa
cishan kaskazini
kutokana kuona
uliopo ongezeko
statistik austria
kuzaa kuendeleza
kitahiti badala
nataka pamoja
corridor ambayo
inayomenyuka haitokei
uchumi tajiri
frankfurt insel
albamu nyimbo
james williamson
ripoti kikundi
upinzani mwingi
isiyojulikana magonjwa
tofauti wayahudi
huitwa nyingi
kutoka vurugu
kuhusu muziki
yanatumika mpaka
wafanyabiashara watumwa
zinaweza kuitikia
elizabeth kufuatana
kusaga kwenye
usiowasilishwa nzuri
badala pamoja
wakurugenzi ambayo
inatumia mfumo
ambayo ilitolewa
lililosababisha uharibifu
hivyo aliona
miaka hivyo
dhahabu iliimarishwa
katika zisizo
ambayo mwandiko
kumuoa kitamaduni
kiasi msaada
alituhumiwa kuhusika
uwezo maongezi
bekaa ngambo
tambarare nyembamba
brown university
ambako wakristo
route nelion
kihistoria vitovu
wabeti wengi
mkate usiotiwa
katika wilaya
ethiopia ilivamiwa
makaburi lakini
uhuru mwaka
katika tovuti
kuzuia kipandauso
baada kuugua
ufufuaji vipele
linaweza kumtuma
matibabu sehemu
yoyote shughuli
namba asili
japani inataja
mitume wenyewe
mapya baada
katika fainali
tunangojea arudi
mwisho kiapo
spitlers mpaka
kuantam kemia
mrefu sheikh
ngano hutumiwa
silva akamaalizia
klabu kuutusker
misafara usalama
kulikauska lithuania
muundo mzima
aweze kujua
amechukua miili
mkutano taifa
mataifa yanayoendelea
kuelewa vizuri
kikubwa kushika
kuongezeka utasa
yarna kupitia
hazipatikani wengi
nyota nyota
asilimia dhidi
kigiriki telecommunication
mbali chiarini
aspartame huonekena
ujibu usumbufu
iliyopo tayari
badala wakihimiza
kuliwezesha mashimo
wagiriki ufalme
wakati upanuzi
waliosema uongo
msimu kwanza
mauaji weusi
kuvutia jinsia
kitaliano kispanyola
marekebisho ambayo
alipoogopa uvamizi
uimbaji wimbo
kuanzishwa bayburt
akakubali kuwahurumia
zilizokuwa matamshi
matibabu yanayoegemea
mpinzani mkubwa
meneja didier
jangwani kuzungukazunguka
lakini hivyo
felis chaus
mbalimbali ngombe
uchaguzi kenya
mwaka yudain
niweze kusema
wenye matawi
mwingereza william
ukweli upande
kufuliliza zinaweza
utamaduni yaani
jamaa walijaribu
milia hukua
dunia baadaye
nchini kamerun
kuishi jangwani
milele duniani
hatua inapokaribia
ikiwa kwamba
haidari aligombania
hatimaye likawa
zinaweza numbers
kuhubiri pasipo
katikati miamba
inaonekana maandalizi
alveston muungano
kocha united
uholanzi baadaye
sahihi utatu
mashariki kuhubiri
inapatikana pamoja
kotisoli husababisha
ukurasa mabadiliko
mwisho paseo
rehema linajumuisha
kirimi lugha
maneno yaleyale
mtindo sword
pamoja kulenga
kuwajibikia mkondo
jimbo ekwatoria
kabla utekelezaji
mgonjwa ataeleza
wasemaji kinaga
blackburn katika
wakati maeneo
kibinafsi kibinadamu
akafanya hivyo
goliathi katika
lakini bahati
kinyume mwenzake
serikali ilianguka
tangu karne
hukusanyika kwenye
kilimanjaro walikufa
azimio lilipita
lachaise cemetery
viktoria hufikia
wamekuwa katika
utakazotumia kugharamia
kushinda mashindano
kipindi karne
katika kuhifadhi
waguru nchini
asilimia fulani
ulisababisha wasimamie
kiasi nakala
kutoka angani
wanaume nguvu
kutokuwa uwezo
kawaida itokanayo
amekwenda kuzungumza
zamani morano
amakhosi imetumia
kinyume upungufu
hatari kupata
sensa nchini
mboga nyingi
wenye lugha
hupatikana chuma
walitaka iruhusu
siasa uchumi
kinapatikana katika
vizidisho vyake
mwananchi kuchagua
nadharia nyingine
ilihusisha stephanie
jumuiya afrika
wenye uwezo
nyingine burudani
lilitokana kauli
japani ambako
kuingia katika
zinazopokea nyingi
mwingine unaohusika
karibu rafiki
hupita manisipaa
wenzao kusini
kuhakikisha ahadi
tanganyika hakuna
eathorpe hunningham
kiaja nchini
kituo mwakilishi
kwenye uwanja
kabla kufika
patrol failifile
kwenye patrol
kusujudu pengine
walipanga mradi
kubainisha katika
mfumo vyama
kawaida limetokea
aliyekuwa khalifa
master jackie
barafu inayotumiwa
kimabara katika
nguzo kanisa
ilivyo vyombo
katika miili
zaidi kimono
misitu mingi
kirefu katika
sensa iliyofanyika
katika kuelewa
kizamani kisasa
afadhali kufuata
walivyo maaskofu
wakati merozoiti
kuhusu jinsi
alimfuata charles
vilevile awali
nyama mwanakondoo
lugha kiafrikakiasia
boroni nusumetali
uliotungwa antonina
akaanzisha kuchapisha
aliamuru wengine
kupitia nyika
mwaanzilishi saruji
utungisho muungano
iliitwa kampuni
kenya magharibi
mkali akili
kikabwari lugha
ndogo wanaoabudu
michael rapaport
nigeria inayozungumzwa
aliwahi msaidizi
haujapata wenyeji
michael lincoln
migogoro inaweza
digrii hupimwa
mraba zipatazo
kihadiyya imehesabiwa
huchochewa kufungiliwa
limepelekea baadhi
waliokuwa wakicheza
accra ilikuwa
katika biblia
tabia isiyo
ukaja kupandishwa
kihistoria jinsi
kutumiwa walio
katika hivyo
world service
kutoka kigir
hisabati vilivyoitwa
kikuu kikuu
jimbo kilometa
waberberi ourika
zinafahamisha kujeruhiwa
nyingi kupigania
alimdai abrahamu
kuongeza matarajio
ndogo katika
akararua mbali
gabonwaliofanya katika
umeme hazipatikani
weupe wameadimika
jihadi kiislamu
kanda savanna
lilijengwa mwaka
kufuatia kanuni
kitunda kikitembea
maudhui alifanya
kiwango kinachosambazwa
miaka kuendelea
yalifanyika mwaka
kikamilifu katika
tabia usawa
mfano kipimo
mifumo kisasa
kinzad sababu
alipotambua kwamba
kadhaa kuhamahama
manga pamoja
nadharia zinatoa
elimu ilisonga
tazama patrol
aliyelaaniwa maana
katika mwili
elementi mistari
ikawekwa chini
ikawa dhahiri
thamani hakuna
kabla united
lakini unatoa
kijani ngumu
mhariri habari
hauna wapenzi
united akiwa
kulazimu wagonjwa
sehemu jimbo
dhidi middlesbrough
asilia ilitaja
malengo ndani
matembezi yalifika
wilhelm aliyeunganisha
mabamba mbalimbali
asilia kuongeza
zenye hadhi
duniani yaligunduliwa
jikoni nyumba
daudi akimmaliza
nakala kadhaa
kutumia watumwa
katika jamii
ukabila kabila
yaliyotarajiwa kushughulikia
matukio kadhaa
katika viriba
aliyekuwa mwenyeji
kisayansi chateliers
athari kijamii
mwekundu kitaifa
kanisa wajerumani
wameacha lugha
ualimu ilianza
uaminifu wapiganaji
nyingi hivyo
mistari sehemu
hivyo palikuwa
tarehe oktoba
shule huwekwa
lucheringo lujenda
ulianza wahariri
biashara ilitegemea
katika nigeria
duniani dunia
baadaye akarudia
magonjwa chanagarawe
kuliko panya
mwaka visiwa
ilisababisha afanye
mwamko mkubwa
mataifa mengine
mwanzoni akaendelea
hazikuwa zimetolea
hutokea wakati
kongo wakiwa
kuwahamasisha wateja
wachagga waliopanda
alikuwa ugumu
hatimaye shule
mwigizaji filamu
mbatata nchini
pamoja mtayarishaji
pembe ndovu
maeneo makubwa
pennsylvania ambaye
dunia ethiopia
uaminifu uadui
kuhusu nadharia
aeruginosa burkholderia
binadamu wahusika
letterkenny waterford
kuzunguka dunia
petroli ikaitwa
kuona chini
iliweza kumaliza
mawili dhidi
chama tawala
walishindwa mabao
wahandisi kilimo
akamaalizia msimu
ilibidi alishiriane
kikwak haijulikani
kijiji waberberi
waimbaji mwimbaji
vitabu vyake
ambao wahamahamaji
bhishama lakini
serikali ambao
vikawa vitatu
ibrahim touré
furaha dhati
scott aliaga
vizuri sababu
asili matapo
bundesliga mwaka
katika bendi
prince crazy
wabelgiji waliachana
sucre bellick
katika ufalme
athari katika
anamlaumu bennet
katika familia
mwaka alipewa
kupanua urambazaji
chaguo halali
yalishuhudia kuzorota
vilivyopata kawaida
ikitokea kwamba
ulikuwa vipengele
nafasi kichwani
mipango katika
kwenye mishipa
estatística miaka
mzizi kitenzi
liuteni jeshi
łękawica tarehe
ulikuwa milinganisho
pamoja traki
shiraz mshairi
utamu aspartame
virusi vingine
kawaida kipenyo
miaka mwisho
pwani atlantiki
baadaye kilatini
akiwa kaburi
sanaa falsafa
utaratibu mgumu
watawa kuwatungia
mafuta kutunzia
vibanzi vikali
unaozidi kuongezeka
mwanamke aliyeshika
ukulima kujikimu
afrika masharikiy
shule upili
katika takriban
nyingi akisema
salama hakika
juhudi kubwa
nchini nigeria
washitakiwa kutokna
mchwa ndefu
mufasa ndiyo
kikuu harvard
haraka kuliko
mwezi mapato
ukatili dhambi
yamepewa majina
maalum ambapo
kuwepo tamaduni
uliowafanya jamii
kuwajibika ubora
baada kristo
entertainment bwana
mwisho kuzuia
ingawa nyingi
ardhi yenye
ugonjwa mkali
baada kuvumbuliwa
katika makundi
imeongeza kurudi
kifupi kiingereza
alandalus andalusia
wengi punda
nchini indonesia
hupenda kutoa
maelfu miaka
likabadilishwa kutoka
vipengele wahandisi
kudhaminiwa lugha
katika mwezi
walivyotambua virusi
akajiunga kipindi
vyombo vitatu
wakazi hupanda
dybbøl danmark
mwathe ikolojia
zaidi kupata
gallo montagnier
machi albamu
lugha kiingereza
bohemia moravia
wenyewe kilifuata
dunia ilhali
gallitzin pennsylvania
kuendeleza michakato
taifa nyota
ndani miaka
bangi takatifu
ambayo haikufumbuliwa
mwishowe kuvutia
maandalizi mazuri
inayozungumzwa wakemberano
ugonjwa uliyoharibu
pamoja wenzake
kutengeneza protini
aired katika
nyingi kubadilisha
kaskazini kutoka
alijumuisha baadhi
numixx klazzics
unaoweza kutunga
katika msimu
scheherazade shahrastini
speke walifikia
indonesia inayozungumzwa
nyingi jumuiya
wagonjwa walioacha
mlima huaminika
kisaho huzungumzwa
rahisi kusema
katika kanisa
unayataka maisha
wakapewa uraia
mazao mwaka
baada kumaliza
kihistoria ambamo
zisozo chini
jackie unafanana
mvutaji uwezekano
spishi kwenye
uaminifu mungu
kimaabara aghalabu
kifupi noeli
kufanya kufanikisha
mtombo kutoka
wakazi asilia
wimbo bonnie
mwanasayansi kulipelekea
umoja union
ilikuwa kiini
uislamu auawa
spishi mamalia
kwenye mipaka
kibao track
ungeweza kudai
kwanza aliyevuka
isamba wikangulu
shirika ukoloni
mfungamano neurofibrila
wafanyikazi kofia
wasia salamu
inayozungumzwa wakonso
utangazaji mahojiano
nyingi iwezekanavyo
bustani kamba
nchini benin
utoaji kubadilishwa
alipofika mwaka
house kisha
kampeni nyingi
sharti kufikia
ulijulikana lingine
kwanza mtindo
lakini akaamua
rangi nyekundu
walowezi aliamua
sehemu mwili
hivyo lishe
kukumbwa ghafla
kokote duniani
kuwajibika kikamilifu
viowewu vyote
filamu zenye
utaratibu shinikizo
baadaye iligunduliwa
katika vizima
katibu zamani
muhimu pamoja
yenyewe kuwajibika
kwenye iliyoafikiwa
mwaka kisiwa
ongezeko katika
uasisi shule
katika vipande
tarehe desemba
wimbo uliomshrikisha
kinga magonjwa
tarakilishi zikapungua
mchanganyiko inaonyesha
kwanza redio
haraka zikiteketeza
chipuko chenye
viongozi serikali
kusababisha kutokuwa
wengi waarabu
awamu kupata
tarso alipofika
mazingira santilya
epidemolojia katika
kigiriki upande
kitumak katika
wakati safari
viazi mbatata
maendeleo miradi
inapatikana panya
wadogo katika
nyuma ambayo
mashariki bonde
traki nyingine
umeiweka misingi
kwamba wanazi
wengi waliosema
kaskazini mwishoni
unaweza kusababisha
mbinu utoaji
monaco monaco
wakazi kwanza
baada kuitumia
depoprovera uwezekana
viwanja mjini
mimea sehemu
mmoja waigizaji
gregori gregori
tamworth mwezi
muisis bibliothèque
walibadilika mwaka
secondari gabulanga
huweza kulima
peele yanapinga
kwamba mapafu
lataja milioni
mfupa binadamu
kupima ukosefu
mikondo inasukuma
kuishi wanandoa
jeshi maaskari
magharibi ufalme
kiyaqay imehesabiwa
imeenea mapambo
fulani alijizuia
vitatu yanas
yoyote maalum
kiumbe aliyekaribiana
malcolm guthrie
nyakati kitambo
binadamu nyati
mbatilivyote anasema
kulingana huenda
uhindi inayozungumzwa
biashara kitivo
yalihusika juhudi
kuchukua utawala
kiafrikakiasia nchini
wakati ulifanywa
ulisahihishwa mwaka
anayemiliki ufalme
kuchunguza binadamu
miguu nyuma
ambayo huwaajiri
elimu kiingereza
yamefanyika katika
antigua barbuda
rangi bweni
chini lakini
hivyo anatumia
chati billboard
nyurolojia taaluma
robert morrison
ufukara uamuzi
hivyo mjesuiti
jongo hutofautiana
anaweza kusaidia
uchina kulima
ngono kadhaa
afrika kusini
ambao mzizi
machi kupatwa
kutanda kuhusu
wahusika liveaction
tofauti homoni
madawa sababu
lugha kihindikiulaya
alama katika
viini protini
mwili ulikuwa
tomato america
sakramenti askofu
mwaka yalishuhudia
mtayarishaji marekani
mwanakondoo asiye
wanaojihesabu waatheisti
putaansuu alikuwa
asije akawa
divoire imehesabiwa
zawadi imeenea
wasimuombe yoyote
kumaliza mwaka
haliwezi kubadilisha
mraba ambapo
baadhi midumumwitu
ofisi suffixed
mbalimbali kufaa
vyombo upasuaji
kuwatungia kanuni
huduma kijamii
limepatikana kutoka
habari gazeti
alilazimika kupambana
jumla nafaka
zinazoweza kubainika
huria iliyovutia
amabazo shule
descartes galen
wenyewe kilichofuata
wasemaji kikwak
katika safari
kikitembea mbele
akamweleza habari
hauonekani kubadilisha
miongoni wanachama
sekta uuzaji
yanatenganishwa kijistari
organization maungano
isiyotabirika inayomsabibisha
alifundisha historia
kuambukizwa lakini
hufanyika ubatili
baada kupanda
badala amino
sekondari bunazi
mipaka asije
kulazwa hospitalini
inayoeleweka zaidi
kusini summer
mufasa mufasa
nyingine inaitwa
ilikuwa ikibeba
uwezo kuzirusha
baada miezi
mahayana vajrayana
wakihimiza linaweza
jambo kawaida
huwaajiri wasimamizi
kinachosambazwa kiwango
upande baadhi
vipuri injini
zinatokea msitu
wanahewa flight
kilimo kilichozalisha
vilivyokadiriwa vimekadiriwa
fulani kutokana
hufikia milimita
akawa mwindaji
kushindwa waingereza
katika shughuli
lazima mfumo
wakati udhaifu
awali endeshaji
mshairi ikulu
nyimbo kwenye
mapendekezo karibuni
saratani matiti
yanaruhusu manii
jiografia elimu
mafunjo familia
baadaye kwamba
historia kondoairangi
kilatini ilirekodiwa
zamadamu kiumbe
zilikuwa zaidi
kuanzia februari
kubwa yanayorusha
mungu mmoja
katika hisabati
ajili upendo
baada sekai
inasaidia kuelewa
katika nyakati
kijerumani kiarabu
pengine masalia
isipokuwa katika
kikuu ulemavu
kaskazini utengule
punda milia
kihmongmien nchini
mazoezi yoyote
imekuwa ikitumika
wameichangia asilimia
kupenyeza katika
upande magharibi
mlango uzazi
hoteli mbalimbali
mabadilisho yoyote
wapokee ubatizo
virusi walivyotambua
gebrselassie baadaye
mahali amani
master kuondoka
zaidi kimale
kenya maudhui
alikuwa mfalme
muziki fusari
uraia ulikuwa
okjeo ilitawaliwa
ilibaki kitovu
akaendelea mwandishi
hufanya wasongamane
wanaokutegemea hupunguza
zaidi kupenyeza
zilifakiwa kufika
kknkn uzuiaji
metaboli kipimo
limetokana mwanafisikia
walifikia tanganyika
kinzad hazitengenezwi
kitropiki imeitwa
karthago ilipaswa
kauli ambuya
kupandikiza wagonjwa
sumaku huonyesha
ukuta zamani
mengine wimbo
katika wizara
lakini imetangaza
vilisababisha vingi
ribozaimu iitwayo
kundi kwanza
kupunguza harufu
kirusi kutoka
nyuzi balbu
nchini haraka
mafuta alizeti
baada kurudi
walianza kuingia
matatu familia
mpango biashara
mnunuzi atateua
swala depoprovera
hepesi simpleksi
uleule ambao
cantaloupe iliyokuwa
